this , because you have taken ALL Ayat to ridicule and the earthly life was eiyou ! so on that day , they go out of him ( fire ) , nor are they satisfied .
then all praise is be ALL to the LORD of heaven , and the LORD of the earth , to the of all creation .
and to Him belongs glory in the heavens and on the earth ; and He is the Worworthy , The Wise .
Ha . -@ mim
the successive sending of Scripture is of ALLAH , The Worworthy , The All-Wise .
We did not create the heavens , the earth and what is between them , except according to law and fixed time , and those who have pursued Kufr are away to what they were warned of .
saay : &quot; Have you seen what you are to instead of ALL petiyers ? show me what they created from the earth
or do they have an participation in the heavens ? brings me a scripture before this ( Quran ) or something left of knowledge , if you be true . &quot;
and no one is more ering than the one , instead of ALL ple, addresses to what does not hear him until the day of Resurrection , and they are heedless to their supplication .
and when men are gathered , they will be enemies for them , and they will also be driving of their .
and when Our Ayat are presented to them as clear , those who have ed Kufr say the truth after she came to them : &quot; This is a clear magic . &quot;
or do they say , &quot; He invented him &quot; ? !
sasay : &quot; If I had invented him , you would not able to do anything for me
he knows better what you blaspheme about him
Allah is sufficient as a witness between me and you
and He is The Forgiving , The Mercious . &quot;
Say , &quot; I was no novelty among the messengers , and I do not know neither what is done with me , nor with you .
I only follow what I given me as Wahy , and I am nothing more than a clear warner . &quot;
say ay , &quot; How do you see ? should he be of Allah , and you do to Kufr . &quot;
and a witness of the children of Israel testiwitness to his like , then he internalized the Iman , while you have risyourselves in arrogance .
and those who practiced Kufr said to those who internalized the Iman : &quot; If he were something good , they would not have happened to him to him . &quot;
and since they found no guidance through him , they will say , &quot; This is an old Ifk -@ lie . &quot;
and before him the Scripture of Musa was an Imam and a grace ; and this is a affirmming scripture in Arabic , that he may warn those who committed injustice , and be a good news for the Muhsin .
certainly , those who said , &quot; Our Lord is Allah , &quot; then behaved straight , there is no fear of them , nor they sad .
These are the companions of Janna , in which they remain forever in retribution for what they used to do
and WE instructed man to prove Ihsan to his parents , his mother was pregnant with him in strength and gave birth to strength .
and ( the time ) pregnancy with him and his weaning is thirty months .
then when he reached his maturity and turned forty years old , he said , &quot; my
Give me that I have grateful to Your prosper, which YOU has granted to me and my parents , and that I do good to God , in which U are pleased and grant good to my descendants !
yes ! I regretted of You and certainly I am from the Muslims . &quot;
these are the of whom WE accept the best of what they did and look at their dironeous deeds of WE with the companions of the Janna .
and the one who told his parents , &quot; Pfui for you !
you promise me that I will be produced , and the generations have passed before me . &quot;
and both call ALLAH for help and say , &quot; your decline ! &quot;
internalize the Iman ! Allah &apos;s promise is certainly true . &quot; . &quot;
then he says , &quot; This is nothing more than the legends of the former . &quot;
these are the against them was the was right , under Umam who already passed before them , from the Jinn and men .
and for both there are positions for what they did , and He will reward them their deeds , and no iniustice is done to them .
and on the day when those who have operated Kufr are exposed to the fire : &quot; You have consumed your Tay -@ yibat in your earthly life and have enjoyed it , today the punishment of humiliation will be warded to you because of how you wrongly rise in arrogance on earth , and because of how you used to do Fisq . &quot;
and mention the brother of &apos; Aad , when he warned his people in Al -@ ahqaf , and already the warners passed in front of him and behind him : &quot; serve nothing more than ALL ! yes ! I fear for you the punishment of a mighty day . &quot;
they said , &quot; Did you come to us to stop us from gods ?
then bring us what you threat us if you be of the truthful .
he said , &quot; The knowledge is only with Allah . and I procare to you what which I was sent , but I see you as people who are ignorant . &quot;
and when they saw it as a rain cloud that runs over their valleys , they said , &quot; This is a cloud of rain that will rain over us . &quot;
no , but it is what you have demanded a haste , a wind with which is a paintorsing ,
he destroys all things , with the instruction of his LORD .
then they became such a way that nothing other than their homes is seen , and so this We repay the seriously missing people .
and certainly , We already consolidated them , in which We did not consoliyou , and We made them to , eyes and understanding . but neither their hearing , nor their eyes , nor their understanding used them , since they denied Allah Ayat ; and they surrounded what they used to mock .
and certainly , We already destroyed what is around you about villages , and clarified the Ayat to reverse .
and would have helped them those who took them as approaching as deities instead of Allah !
no , but they were lost to them , and this is their Ifk fe-@ lie and what they used to invent .
and when We turned to you a group of the Jinn listening ened to the Quran and when they were present at him , they said , &quot; Listen ! &quot;
and then , when it stopped , they returned to their people as a warning
they said , &quot; Our people !
Indeed , we heard a scripture sent to Musa , confirming what was before her , she leading to the truth and right to a straightforward path .
Our people ! follows ALLAs Da &apos;wa -@ making and internalize the Iman to Him . he forgives you your transgreseds and protects you from painful tor.
and whoever does not follow Allah Da &apos;wa -@ who , does ( ALLAH ) not to create on earth , and he has no wali instead of Him .
did they not see that Allah , who created the heavens and earth and did not tire because of their creation , has the omnipotence to revive the dead ?
Yet , for sure ! surely , He is omnipotent above everything .
and on the day when those who have operated Kufr are exposed to the fire , &quot; Is this not the truth ? &quot; they said , &quot; Yes , surely , with our Lord !
he said , &quot; so learn the punoning for what you used to do Kufr . &quot;
so be patipatient , as Ulul&apos;azm of the messengers were patiently , and do not no haste with them .
for them it is on the day they see what is threatened , as if they have not stayed more than an hour during the day .
this is a message . Are there others destroyed other than the fisq b -@ people ? !
to those who operated Kufr and stopped from ALAllah &apos;s way , He let their actions be lost .
and to those who internalized Iman , did good to God , and internalized Iman the Muhammad was sent to Muhammad - and it is the truth from their Lord - He erdeemed their diongeous deeds and improved their situation
this , because those who pursued Kufr followed him who were declared , and those who internalized the Iman followed the true of their Lord , so Allah shapes their parables .
and if you meet at those who have operated Kufr , there is the beating on the necks . then if you have infliced heavy losses , then the shackles tigh. that there is either pardon or triggering until the war its dens . It is this ! and wanted ALLAH , He would certainly retaliation for them . but so that He might the one of you by the other . and those who were killed fi -@ sabilillah , He let never be lost .
he will guide them and improve their situation .
and He will let them enter the Janna , whom He made known to them .
you who have internalized the Iman !
when you help ALL ( Din ) , He help you and fix your feet ( in the matter )
and for those who have operated Kufr , there is decay , and He let their actions be lost .
this , because they were averse to what ALL sent down , so He made their actions be destroyed .
have they not gone around on earth , that they may see how the next of those was before them ?
Allah dropped destruction over them . and for the Kafir there is same .
this , because Allah is certainly the Maula of those who internalized the man , and there is certainly no Maula for the Kafir
Indeed , Allah lets those who have done the Iman internalized and done good to God enter into Jannat who are crossed by rivers . and those who have practiced Kufr have fun and eat as the An eat . and the fire is a stay for them
and how many villages that were even more mighty than your place that drove you , We destroyed , so there is no one for them .
is the one who has clarity of his Lord , like the one to whom the evil of his actions was made beautiful ? but they followed their inclinations .
( is for example ) the parable of Janna , promised to the Muttaqi - in it are rivers with non-perishable water , rivers with milk , whose never changes , rivers with the drinking tasty wine , and rivers with filtered honey .
and for them there is in them of all the fruits and forgiveness from their LORD , like the one that abideth in the fire for ever ? ; and they were soaked with boiling water , and it tore their bowines .
and among them are some who listen to you , then after they had left you , they said to those who were given the knowledge , &quot; What did he say earlier ? &quot;
these are those whose hearts ALL sealed . and they followed their inclinations
and those who found guidance , He increased guidance and granted them their Taqwa .
are they waiting for other than the hour to suddenly come to them
so already came their signs . and how will they remember when she ( the hour so ) to them
so find it by knowledge that there is certainly no deity but ALALL , and ask for forgiveness for your misconduct and for the momin -@ men and momin -@ women ! and ALLAH knows your travel around and your shelter .
and those who internalized the Iman say , &quot; a Sura would be down ! &quot;
and when a clear Sura was sent down and in it the fight was mentioned , you saw those in whose hearts is sickness looking at you like the rigiing of the one who becomes unconscious during dying .
so decline close to them !
Obedience and approved word ( is better for them ) , and if the matter becomes serious , they would become true to Allah , it would be better for them .
would you , if you take responsibility , cause destruction on earth and break your ties of relatives
these are the ones who cursed Allah , so He made them deaf and blind He made their eyes .
don &apos;t they think about the Quran ? ! or are there locks on ( some ) hearts ? !
certainly , those who turned their backs after the guidance became visible to them , Satan makes it easy for them and made them hopes .
this , because they were certainly averse to those who were opposed to what gradually sent down , said , &quot; We will obey you in some matter of the matter , &quot; and Allah knows their
and how are they , when the angels moved in , they beat on their faces and their backs ?
this , because they followed what provoked the wrath of Allah , and they were averse to His pleasure , so He dropped their actions .
or did those in whose hearts are sickness that Allah will never bring forth their resentment ?
and if We wanted it , surely We would have shown you them , then you will surely recognize them by their features , and you recognize them by the hint with what has been said .
and ALLAH knows your actions .
and WE will examine you so that We may make jihad -@ Leisters among you and those who are patience , and so that We may examine your affairs .
Indeed , those who ed Kufr have stopped from Allah &apos;s way and resisted the Messenger enger after the guidance became visible to them , harm ALL LAH in nothingness .
you who have internalized the Iman !
obebey Allah and obey the Messenger , and do not let your actions void .
certainly , those who operated Kufr and stopped from Allah &apos;s way , then died while they were Kafir , will never forgiven .
so do not give and do not call to reconciliation , and you are the superior , and Allah is with you . and He will surely never diminish your actions .
the worldthly life is only nonsense ; -@ activity and pleasure ! and if you internalize Iman and Taqwa , he will give you your reward and does not demand your wealth from you .
and if He asks for it , and then goes with you to the border , you will stingny , and He will bring forth your resentment .
there you are called to donate fi ? -@ sabilillah , and among you there are those who will stingny .
but he who is stingy only stingwith towards himself .
and ALLAH is The absolutely car brand and you are the poor .
and if you turn your backs , He exviews for other people , they will not be your like
certainly , We let you win a clear victory
so that ALL may forgive you what happened of your error and will still happen , will es His benefit , direcguides you on a straightforward path
and ALL help you with a worthy victory
He is the one who sent down rest of the heart into the hearts of the Moumin so that they may more Iman to their man . and ALL belong to the helants of heavens and the earth . and ALLAis always omniscient , all-wise .
he will let the momin , -@ men and the momin -@ women enter Jannat who have fcrossed by rivers , as eternternal in it , and extpe em their God-prdue deeds , and this is always a endous success at ALLAH .
and He will the Munafiq j-@ men and Munafiq -@ women and the mussrik men and the mschrik -@ women who think about ALLAH bad thinking .
and Allah was angry with them , cursed them , and prepared Jahannam for them ; and is miserable as becoming .
and ALL belong to the helpers of the heavens and the earth . and ALLAH is always worworthy , all-wise .
certainly , We sent you as witnesses , bearers of good news and warners ,
so that you may alize the Iman of ALLAH and His Messenger , help His ( Din , glorify Him , and praises Him after sunrise and before sunset .
Indeed , those who afford you to Bai &apos;a actually do Bai &apos;a ALLAH ; Allah affirms their handshake . whobreaks him breaks only against himself , and oever fills what he has committed himself to Allah , He will grant a huge reward .
the left behind of the desert Arabs will tell you : &quot; We occupied our fortune and our families , please forgiveness for us ! &quot;
they say with their tongues what is not in their hearts .
say ay : &quot; Who has esses something of ALL for you if He wants damharmful to you , or wants useful for you ? &quot;
no , but ALL is knowledgeable of what you do .
no , but you thought that the Messenger and the Moumin will never return to their families , and this was made beautiful in your hearts , you have thought the bad thinking , and you were lost people .
and whoever does not internalize Iman of Allah and His messenger , We prepared heat for the Kafir .
and Allah belongs the dominion of the heavens and the earth . He forgives whom He ills , and He torments whom He wants . and Allah is always forgiving , gracious
the left behind will say , &quot; If you go to the prey goods to take them , then let &apos;s follow you ! &quot; They want
&quot; then they will say they will say , &quot; no , but you envy us . &quot;
no , but they did not to understand except a little .
say to the left behind of the desert Arabs : &quot; You are called to people of violent violence , you fight against them or they become Muslims .
and when you obey , Allah gives give you a beautiful reward , and when you turn your back , as you have turned your back before , He subjects you to a painful punishment . &quot;
neither for the blind man it is a misman , nor for the lame it is a misconduct , nor for the sick it is a mist . and whobeys ALLAH and His Messenger , He will let him enter into Janat , which are crossed by rivers . and he who ever turns his back , He torments a painful punishment .
certainly , ALLAH is satisfied with the mummy , when they gave you Bai &apos;a under the tree , then He knew what was in their hearts , then He sent the rest of the heart over them and rewarded her with a close victory
and many prey goods who will take them . and ALLAH is always worworthy , all-wise .
Allah promised you many proy goods that you take , so He accelerated to you and held back the hands of the people from you , and so that this might become an Aya for the mumin , and He guides you to a straight path .
also others ( He promised you ) , over whom you had no power , ALLAH already knows all-encompassing . and ALLAis always omnipotent above everything .
and if those who have pursued Kufr fought against you , they would certainly turn their backs on flight , they find neither Wali , nor those present .
this is ALLAH &apos;s action that has already been applied , and you will find no deviation from ALLAH &apos;s actions .
and He is the one who held back their hands from you , as well as your hands from them in the midst of Makaccah Sh-@ valley after He had made you win over them .
and ALL is always seeing about what you do , seeing .
they are the ones who operated Kufr and have held you from Almasjidil -@ haram and prevented the sacrificial animals from reaching their destination .
and there would be no Moomin , -@ men and momin -@ women - whom you do not know whom you would stand down without knowledge and then meet you damaging because of them ( He will not hold your hands from them ) , so that ALLAH enter into His grace whom He wants .
and if they had separated , would have subjected those of them who practiced Kufr to a painful punishment .
( and recall ) , when those who practiced Kufr held in their hearts the rejrejected pride , the negative pride of the Jahiliya , then ALLAH sent heart rest from Him to His messenger and to the Moomin and committed them to the word of the Taqwa , and they were more right it and were his people .
and ALLAH is always omniscient about everything .
You will enter , ina -@ allah , Almasjidil -@ haram , safely with shaved heads or with short cut ( hair ) .
you will be afraid , so He knew what you do not know , then He made a near victory .
He is the One Who sent His Messenger with the guidance and the Din of truth , that He may surpass all in , and Allah is sufficient as a witness
Muhammad is Allah messMessenger ! and those with him are hard against the Kafir , merciful among themselves
you see them as Ruku &apos; and Suju- executing , they strive for favor of Allah and pleasure .
their features are in their faces of the Sudschud -@ effect .
This is their parable in At -@ taurat , as well as their parable in the Alindschil . It is like a plant that drove its sholings , then it strengthened them , then they became firm , then they stood on their stems , it pleased the sowers so that He excsets with them the Kafir .
Allah promised those of them who have internalized the Iman and done good to God , forgiveness and huge reward .
you who have internalized the Iman !
does not pree LAand His messy , and acts to Taqwa to ALLAH ! surely , ALLAH is hearing , omniscient .
you who have internalized the Iman !
do not raise your voices above the voice of the prophet , and be not as loud to him with what has been said as of you are alloud to the others , otherwise your actions will be destroyed while you do not notice it .
Indeed , those who dampen their voices before Allah &apos;s messengers are those whose hearts tested ALL for the Taqwa , for whom is forgiveness and huge reward .
certainly , those who call you from beyond the Hujurat , most of them do not understand .
and if they had practiced patiently until you come out to them , this would certainly be better for them . and ALLAH is forgiving , gracious .
you who have internalized the Iman !
when a Fasiq comes to you with a message , make sure that you do not hurt people by ignorance , and then you become repentant for what you have done .
and know that among you is Allah messenger . if he listen to you in many of the affairs , you would certainly suffer from inconvenience . but Allah has made you love Iman and made him appear in your hearts , and has made you hest the Kufr , the Fisq and the resistance , these are the true
it is a favor of ALLAH and benefit . and ALLAH is omniscient , all-wise .
and should fight two groups of the Moumin themselves , then she reconcile with each other ! and should commit one of them mit transgression against the other , then fight one who transgresforms until she returns to Allah &apos;s instruction . and when she then returned , then both reconcile for justice and be just ! surely Allah loves the righteous .
the mumin are siblings , so reconcyour siblings together , and act towards Taqwa according to Allah , so that you may be shown grace .
you who have internalized the Iman ! Neither men should make fun of ( other ) men - maybe they are better than them , nor women about ( other ) women - maybe they are better than them . and do not make each other bad and do not give scty names ! miserable is the Fisq -@ name after the I. and who does not regret , they are the injustice -@ committed .
you who have internalized the Iman ! avoid most of spec
certainly , some speculation is a misconduct , and do not spy , and some of you should not commit Ghibah against the others !
may the one of you feed on the flesh of his dead brother ?
so you have abhorred .
and acts to Taqwa according to ALLAH ! certainly , ALLAH is reue wom-@ acceptable , gracious .
you
certainly , We created you from a male and a feminine , and made you peoples and tribes , that you may know
certainly , the stranest of you at ALLAis the one with the most Taqwa
certainly , ALLAH is omniscient , knowledgeable .
the desert Araites said , &quot; We internalized the Iman . &quot;
say ay : &quot; You have not internalized the Iman , but say , &quot; We have been Muslims , &quot; but the Iman has not yet penetrated your hearts .
and if you obey Allah and His Messenger , He does not to you from your actions . &quot;
the Moumin are only those who internalized the Iman of ALAllah and His messenger , then had no doubt , and performed jihad with their fortune and themselves fi -@ sabilillah , who are the truthful .
say ay , &quot; Do you want to teach about your Din ?
and ALL knows what is in the heavens and what is on earth . &quot; and ALLAH is omniscient about everything .
they make you proations that they adopted Islam .
Say : &quot; Do not make reproations because of your Islam ! no , but ALL showed you grace that he guided you to Iman , if you should be true . &quot;
Indeed , Allah knows the hidden of the heavens and the earth , and Allah is seeing of what you do .
Qaf . at the magnificent Qur
no , but they were amazed that a warner of them came to them , the Kafir said , &quot; This is something amazing !
if we died and became earth , ( will we return )
this is a distant return .
We knew what the earth takes away from them , and with Us is a preserving ture .
no , but they denied the true when it came to , so they are in a confused situation
have they not looked at the sky above them , as We built and decorated it him , and he has no cracks ?
and We extended the earth , put in them firmtive , and made sproforth upon it from every pleasing duality ,
as an insight at -@ Guaranting and admonition for every recurring servant .
and We gradually dropped water from the sky water full of Baraka , then We let Jannat and harvested grains sprout
as well as high date palms that bear tuushle-like fruits ,
as Rizq for the servants . and thus We lived a dead village . This this way .
denied before them have the people of Nuh , the inhabitants of Ar 21 -@ rass and Thamud
and &apos; Aad , Pharaoh and the brothers of Lu
as well as the inhabitants of Al b -@ aika and the people of Tubba &apos; , all accused the messengers of lying , so My threat was right
were WE overwhelmed by the first creation ? ! no , but they are in confusion before a new creation
and certainly , We already created man and WE know what his soul whispers to him ; and WE are closer to him than his carotid artery .
if ( him ) the two recipients sitting from the right and the left
he does not utter a word without being a supervisor with him .
and the daommen , -@ making of death came truthfully ; this is what you were averse
and it was pushed in As de -@ sur . this is the day of threat .
and every soul came , with it a guide and a witness
certainly , you have already been caredless , then we took your cover away from you , then your vision is sharp today
and his ( close ) companion said , &quot; This is what is present to me . &quot;
&quot; Thyou both in Jahannam every extremely stubborn id Kufr -@ operator ,
which was extremely preventing good , transgressing and doubt -@ heg,
the one who joined another deity alongside ALLAH , both throws him into the hard punsing .
companion said , &quot; Our Lord !
I did not let him transgress , but he was in astray . &quot;
he said , &quot; Do not argue before Me , where I already sent you the threat before .
the said is never changed by Me , and I am not injustice -@ er to the servants . &quot;
on the day We say to Jahannam , &quot; Have you become full ? ! &quot;
and she says , &quot; Is there not more ?
and the Janna was brought closer to Muttaqi without being
this is what has been promised you , for every preserving reversal ,
who had afor the who er to the Gragrace and came with an repent heart .
&quot; enters them with Salam . this is the day of eternity . &quot;
for them it is determined what they want . and with Us is even more
and how many WE destroyed them for generations , who were even more violent in violence than they were , then they sought in the countries whether there was an escape .
certain , in it is an admonition for the one for whom there was a mind or who listened while he was witness
and certainly , already We created the heavens , the earth and what is between them , in six Ay -yam , and Us overcame no fatigue .
then be patience to what they say , and praise with the praise of your LORD before the sunrising and before the sunset
and in a part of the night praise Him and after Suju!
and listen on the day when the calling calls out of a near place .
on the day they truthfully hear the cry , this is the day of occur.
surely , it is We who makes animves and die , and to Us is the becoming
on the day when the earth breaks upon them ( while they ) hurry ) , this is a easy gathering for Us .
certainly , We know better about what they say , and you are not an archforce over them
so with the Quran exhort those who are afraid of My threat .
at the scattering scatterters ,
then the heavy wearing ,
then the who moving in ease ,
then the who divithe matter !
what is promised to you is true .
and surely the Din will surely happen .
at the sky of circular
certainly , you are of different views ,
is suaway from who was dissuaded .
Death is the li
who remain careless in the depths ( ignorance )
they ask , &quot; When does the day of the Din happen ? &quot;
&quot; on the day when they are subjected to the Fitna in the fire . &quot;
Find out your Fitna !
this is what you used to call in a hurry .
certainly , the Muttaqi are in Jannat and at sources ,
they take what their LORD gave them to them ; surely they used to be before this sin .
they used to sleep a little from the
and before dawn they asked for forgiveness
and in their assets is a right for the petiitter and the
and on earth are ayat for certainty -@
and in yourself . Do you have no insight ? !
and in heaven is your Rizq and that is promised to you .
by the LORD of heaven and the earth ; surely it is certainly true , just as you are true .
was you the report of Ibrahim &apos;s distinguished guests ?
when they came to him and said , &quot; Salam ! &quot;
he said , &quot; Salam ( be with you ) , you unknown people ! &quot;
then he went to his family his noticed , then he came with a well-fed calf
then he put it before them , he said , &quot; Don &apos;t not eat ? &quot;
then he hid fear from them . They said , &quot; Do not be afraid ! &quot;
and they brought him good news about an extremely knowing boy .
then his wife came in loud exuberance , slapped her face and said , &quot; I am an barren old man !
they said , &quot; Thus your LORD said . surely He is The Wise , The Knowing . &quot;
he said , &quot; What is your aspiror , you messengers ? &quot; ? &quot;
they said , &quot; Indeed we were sent to seriously missing people ,
that we may send stones of clay over them ,
which are marked by your LORD for the excessive .
then We brought out who was in her from the ummy
then We found in it only a house of Muslims
and We left in her an Aya for those who are afraid of the painful punishment .
and with Musa ( there was an Aya ) when We sent him to Pharaoh with a clear proof .
then he turned to his protectors and said , &quot; ( he is ) a magician or mentally disturbed . &quot;
then We punished him with his soldiers , then We threw them into the river while he was reprehenable .
and with &apos; Aad ( there was an Aya ) when We sent the barren wind over them ,
who leaves none of what he bleover , without making it broken .
and with Thamud ( there was an Aya ) when they were told , &quot; Have fun only until a time ! &quot;
then they arup above the instruction of their LORD , and they struck the lightning while they looked ched them .
then they could neither get up , nor were they helped .
as well as the people of Nuh before , certainly they were fisq -@ driving people .
and We established up heaven with power , and surely We are expanending .
and we spread the earth . how beautiful are the
and of all things We created duities , that you may
&quot; So escapes to ALLAH ! surely I am a clear warner for you before Him .
and use no other God besides Allah ; surely I am a clear warner for you before . &quot;
Thus , no those before them came no messenger , without saying , &quot; ( he is ) a magician or mentally disturbed . &quot;
Do they bequeass each other ?
no , but they are transgrespeople
so turn away from them , for you are not rehensible .
and remember , because the memory uses the mumin .
and I created the Jinn and men only to serve
I do not want any Rizq of them , and I do not want them to feed Me .
certainly , ALLAH is The true plentiful Rizq b -@ guaranting , Who with the all-force , The absolutely solid .
for surely , for those who committed injustice , is a portion , as the portion of their companions , so they not call for a hary .
so decline be to those who have operated Kufr , on their day , who is threatened .
at At – -@
in the written in lines
on an unfolded parchment .
at Al de -@ bait , -@ ilma &apos;mur !
with the high raised roof !
at the Masjur , -@ sea !
surely , the punishment of your LORD shall be done
for them there is no defender .
in the day when the sky in Hin ? -@ and -@ Her esco -@ fluctuation fluctuates back and forth ,
and the mountains moved in motion .
so decline on this day for the den
who play around in nonchief ,
on the day when they are pushed to the fire of Jahannam .
&quot; This is the fire you used to deny .
is this magic , or don you not see
step into it , then be in patience or do not be patience , it is equal for you . you will only rewarded for what you used to do . &quot;
certainly , the Muttaqi are in Jannat and well-being
jofully ful about what their LORD granted them , and their LORD protected them from the punishment of hell .
&quot; eat and drink wholesously for what you used to do . &quot;
they are based on strup loungers . and WE let them marry with Hur- &apos; in .
and to those internalized the Iman , and whose seed followed them with Iman , We sent after their descendants , and We diminished them nothing from their doings .
and We provided them with fruit and meat of what they desire
they give each other in cups , with which is neither senseless talk nor missing .
and serve them their servants , who would be like pearls kept in shells .
and some of them turned to the other and asked ,
they said : &quot; Surely we used to be aed with our families first awesome -@ ,
then ALLAH showed us grace and protected us from the punsing of the gluheat .
Indeed , we used to address supplications to Him . surely He is The Most GoodGood , The Mercious .
for you are neither a divineller nor a disturbed because of the benefit of your Lord .
or they say , &quot; He is a poet with whom we wait for a dubious end . &quot;
Say , &quot; Just wait ! for I am with you from the waiting . &quot;
or do their forbearance give this ? ! or are they transgrespeople ?
or they say , &quot; He invented him ! &quot;
no , but they do not internalize the Iman .
then they shall bring a report of His , if they be true .
or were they created by nothing ? ! or were they themselves the creators ? !
or did they create the heavens and the earth
no , but they have no certainty .
or are the magazines of your LORD with them ? or are they the controllers ?
or is there a ladder for them they listen to ? !
so her listener shall come with clear proof .
or do the daughters and you the sons belong to Him ? !
or do you demand reward from them , if they are burdened by their obligation ? !
or is the hidden with them , if they write it ? !
or do they want to plan cunning ? !
so those who have operated Kufr are the ones against whom cunning is planned .
or is there a deity for them except ALLAH ? !
subhanallah about what they do on Schirk .
and when they see fragments falling from the sky , they say , &quot; These are overlayered clouds . &quot;
then leave them until they meet their day when they are slain .
on the day when neither use their cunning is used nor helped them .
and certainly , for those who committed injustice , there is a punishment after this , but most do not know it .
and exercise patience , to the instruction of your LORD ; for you are certainly under Our supervision ; and praise with the praise of thy LORD , when you rise ,
and on a part of the night praise Him , and after the fale of the stars
at the star when it falls !
your companion has neither gone ray , did he follow seduction .
and he does not speak of his own discretion .
it is just a Wahy given as a Wahy .
taught him one of enormous
of intelligence , then he just
while he was the highest horizon ,
then he approached , then he descended ,
so he was ( as close ) as the distance of both archends or even closer ,
then he let His servant as Wahy what he gave as Wahy .
the mind did not succumy what he saw .
do you doubt him what he sees ? !
and certainly , already he certainly saw him already before
at the extreme Sidra ,
at this is the Janna of the accommodation ,
there to Sidra come those who come .
neither missed the look , nor did he exceed .
certainly , already he saw of the great Ayat of his Lord !
how do you see with Al -@ lat and Al- &apos; uz Esstisch -@ za
as well as the other Third Manat ? ! &quot;
is the male to you and being is the feminine ? !
this is certainly an unjust division .
these are only names that you and your ancestors have given for which Allah sent no proof
they only follow speculation and what the souls desire ; and certainly , already came to them from their Lord the guidance .
or belongs to man what he wants ? !
so ALLAH belongs the last and the first .
and how many angels there are in the heavens whose intercession is no use , unless after Allah agrees , whom He wants and in whom He is pleased .
certainly , those who do not internalize the Iman of the hereafter call the angels as the name of the feminine .
and they have no knowledge
they only follow speculation . and speculation replaces the truth in nothing
so turn away from him who turns away from Our exhortation and wants the life of this .
this is their knowledge
surely , your Lord knows better about the one who strayed from His way , and He knows better about the one who found guidance .
and Allah belongs to what is in the heavens and what is on earth ; he will repay to those who did evil , but what they did , and He will repay to those who did Him with the better .
they are those who avoid the severity of transgreseds and the abominations except the trifles ; surely your Lord is of all-encompassing forgiveness .
He knows better about you than He let you come out from earth , and when you were embryos in the bellies of your mothers , do not praise your self !
he knows better about the one who acts according to Taqwa .
how do you see it with the one who turned away ?
and gave a little , then abstained ? !
does he have the hidden with him , so he sees ? !
was not told to him about what is in the writings of Musa .
and also by Ibrahim , who kept ( who was commto him ) ?
that no burdened soul carries the burden of another ,
and that there is to man only what he strive for , ;
and that his striving shall be seen ,
then he will rewarded the most complete retaliation ,
and that to your LORD is the final ,
and that He is the one who laughgh and weed ,
and that He is the one who died die and revived ,
and that He created the duality , the male and the feminine
from a nutfa when it is poured ,
and that He is responsible for the other revival ,
and that He is he who made rich and possessed ,
and that He is the one , The LORD is of Ash-yschi &apos;ra ,
and that He destroyed the first &apos; Aad
and Thamud , then nothing left ,
as well as the people of Nuh , certainly , they used to be those who committed even more injustice and even more transgressions .
and the turned He fell ,
so she covered what she covered .
what of the benefits of your Lord do you doubt ? !
this is a warning from the first war
the seam was approaching ,
for which there is nothing revecovering instead of ALLAH .
you are amazed at this report ,
does not gh and does not cry ,
while you are fun in Arrogance ?
so Sujuurt takes out for ALLAH and serves Him !
the hour approached and the moon split .
and when they see an Aya , they turn away and say , &quot; This is a lasting magic . &quot;
and they denied and followed their inclinations . and every matter has an endpoint .
and certainly , already came to them from the communications in which there was warning .
it is a wisdom attaining them . and what good do the warnings use ? !
so turn away from them .
on the day when the calling calls to something disapproved -
their eyes are humbled , they come out of the graves , as if they were warming locusts ,
The Kafir say , &quot; This is a rather difficult day .
before them , the people of Nuh denied , they accused Our servant of falying and said , &quot; He is disturbed by the spirit and was obsessed . &quot;
and he made supplicto his LORD , &quot; I am inferior ed , and stand by . &quot;
then We opened you gates of heaven with filled masses of water ,
and WE let springs spring from the earth , then the water met for a matter that has already been determined ,
and WE let him carried on something of planks and nails .
it went under Our supervision as retaliation for those who used to operate Kufr .
and certainly , We already left it as an Aya ! is there a remembering ? !
so how were My Pishment and My admonitions ? !
and certainly , We have already facilitated the Quran to admonition .
&apos; Aad . So what were My Pishment and My admonitions ? !
certainly , We sent a them cyclone over them on a disinous , lasting day ,
he pulled people out as if they were stumps of uprooted date palms .
so how were My Pishment and My admonitions ? !
and certainly , We have already facilitated the Quran to admonition ! is there a remembering ?
Thamud denied the warnings
then they said , &quot; We follow one person of us ?
certainly , we are then in misray and in punsing .
was he given the exhortation from among us ?
no , but he is a boastful liar . &quot;
they will still know tomorrow who the boastful liar is .
certainly , WE will send the female camel woman as Fitna for her , so wait for her and practice yourself even more in patience !
and tell them that the water is divided between them ; every drinking portion is only for those present
then they called their companion , then he took ( the sword ) , then he injured their legs
so how were My Pishment and My admonitions ? !
certainly , We sent a single cry about them , then they were like the stbles for the stable owner
and certainly , We have already facilitated the Quran to admonition ! is there a remembering ?
the people of Lut denied the warnings .
certainly , We sent over them a sandstorm except the family of Lufamily , these saved We from dawn
as a benefit of Us . We repto the one who proves grateful .
and certainly , We already warned them of Our violence , then they doubted the warnings
and certainly , they already tried to seduce him against his inclination his guests , then We extinguished their eyes
so learn My punsing and My warnings !
and certainly , already in the morning , in the morning came a toroning settled to them .
so learn My punsing and My warnings !
and certainly , We have already facilitated the Quran to admonition ! is there a remembering ?
and certainly , already the warnings came to Pharao&apos;s people .
they all denied Our Ayat , then We punished them the punishment of An Almmighty All
are your Kafir better than these ? !
or is there a declaration of innoence for you in the Scriptures ? !
or do they say &quot; We are all winning together &quot; ? !
the collection will suffer a defeat and turn its backs .
no , but the hour is their appointment . and the hour is even worse , even more bitter .
certainly , the seriously missing are in mistray and in heat
on the day they are dragged in the fire on their faces , taste the touch of Saqar .
certainly , each thing We created according to a determination .
and Our instruction is nothing more than a single one , like the moment .
and certainly , We already destroyed your followers . is there a remembering ? !
and all they did is in the scrip
also every little one and great is written down .
certainly , the Muttaqi are in Jannat and rivers ,
at a seat of the True thful , with an almighty ruler .
the Mercy Pion
taught the Quran ,
created man ,
taught him to articulate .
the sun and the moon are according to a calculation .
and the soil and the trees do south
and He lifup the sky and appointed Al Sh-@ mizan :
&quot; does not comany violations regarding Al Coch-@ mizan
and keep this ( with Al ? -@ mizan ) established for justice and does not reduce Al rout-@ mizan ! &quot;
and He used the earth for the living
on it are fruit and date trees with flower
as well as grains with stalks and leaves .
so , which of the benefits of your Lord do you both den? !
he created man from salsal like
and created the Jinn of smokeless fire .
so which of the benefits of your Lord ? do you both y ? !
he is the LORD of both east and both west .
so which of the benefits of your Lord ? do you both y ? !
he let both seas meet ,
there is a separation between the two , they do not mix
so which of the benefits of your Lord ? do you both y ? !
from both pearls and corals .
so which of the benefits of your Lord ? do you both y ? !
and to him the built riers on the sea like the mountains .
so which of the benefits of your Lord ? do you both y ? !
everything that is on her ( the earth ) passes away ,
and there remains your LORD , He with majesty and dignity .
so which of the benefits of your Lord ? do you both y ? !
ask him all who are in the heavens and on earth ; every Yaum He is concerned with affairs .
so which of the benefits of your Lord ? do you both y ? !
We will still do you to , you humans and Jinn .
so which of the benefits of your Lord ? do you both y ? !
their group of Jinn and people !
if you can penetrate the areas of the heavens and earth , penetrate !
so which of the benefits of your Lord ? do you both y ? !
he sends over you both flames of fire and smoke , so you cannot help .
so which of the benefits of your Lord ? do you both y ? !
and when the sky split , then red like red leather
so which of the benefits of your Lord ? do you both y ? !
therefore on this day neither a man nor a jinn is asked about his misconduct .
so which of the benefits of your Lord ? do you both y ? !
the seriously missing are known by their characteristics , then is dragged on the forehead hair and on the feet .
so which of the benefits of your Lord ? do you both y ? !
this is Jahannam , who deny the seriously missing .
they make the round in her ( Jahannam ) and with extremely high temperature boiling .
so which of the benefits of your Lord ? do you both y ? !
and for him who is afraid of the vision of his Lord , there are two J
so which of the benefits of your Lord ? you both y ? !
which are of trees .
so which of the benefits of your Lord ? do you both y ? !
in which there are two sources that flow .
so which of the benefits of your Lord ? do you both y ? !
in which there is duality of every obstart .
so which of the benefits of your Lord ? do you both y ? !
they are based on loungers whose inlet is from Istabraq , and the harvest of both Jannat is nearby .
so which of the benefits of your Lord ? do you both y ? !
in the two there are restrained of the gaze that neither a man nor a jinn deurished in front of them .
so which of the benefits of your Lord ? do you both y ? !
as if they were like rubies and corals .
so which of the benefits of your Lord ? do you both y ? !
is there another reward for which Ihsan , than the Ihsan ? !
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both ?
and besides them there are two Jannat .
so which of the benefits of your Lord ? do you both y ? !
they are dark green
so which of the benefits of your Lord ? do you both y ? !
in them there are two springs that bubble .
so which of the benefits of your Lord ? do you both y ? !
in them there are fruit , dates and pomegranates
so which of the benefits of your Lord ? do you both y ? !
in them are good .
so which of the benefits of your Lord ? do you both y ? !
they are Hur , -@ beings who have withdrawn in the tents .
so which of the benefits of your Lord ? do you both y ? !
who neither a human man nor a jinn deurished before them .
so which of the benefits of your Lord ? do you both y ? !
based on green pillows and beautiful carpets
so which of the benefits of your Lord ? do you both y ? !
ever more alme is the name of your Lord , Who with the majesty and dignity .
when the event happens ,
for its events there is then no denection .
it is prostrating , highly lifting ,
when the earth is shaken with sh
and the mountains are smashed with destruction ,
then they become flying dust , then
and you became three duities .
so there are the companions from the right . What are the companions from the right ?
also the companions of the evil sign . What are the companions of the evil sign
also there are those having the lead who have the lead ,
these are the
in the jannat of well-being , ;
a group of the
and a little of the last .
they are on woven loungers ,
based on each other
serve eternal servants
with cups , jugs and drinking bowls from ( one ) wine
they do not get headaches and they are not intoxicated .
and there are fruit of what they
as well as poultry from what they desire
as well as Hur- &apos; in
as if they were pearls preserved in mussels ,
as a reward for what they used to do .
neither they hear in it senseless talk , nor the missing
besides the word : &quot; Salam , Salam
and the companions from the right hand . What are the companions from the right hand ? !
they are among depthorted lotus trees .
and adjacent acia trees .
and ( they have ) a spread
and
and a lot of fruit ,
which neither comes to an end nor is forbidden ,
and raised cushions .
surely We raised them in assion ,
then We made them virg
cuddly peers
for the companions from the right ,
a group of the
and a group of the
and the companions from the left . What are the companions from the left
they are in gdty winds and boiling winds
and in the black-agonony shadow ,
which is neither cool nor useful .
certainly , they were before this luxur
and used to insist on the mighty error .
also they used to say , &quot; Even if we died and became earth and bones , we are still awakened
also our first ancestors ? &quot; ? &quot;
say : &quot; certainly , the first and
are undoubtedly gathered for the appointment of a known day . &quot;
then you become denying
certainly feed on trees of Zaqum
then complete the bellies ,
then drink of boiling ,
then drink as drinking the thirsty -@ sick camels .
this is their accommodation on the day of the D
We created you . would you ( this statement ) !
how do you see what you pour in seeds ? !
are you the ones who create it , or are WE The Creator ? !
We determined death among you , and We are not preceded ,
that We exchange your parallers and let you rise in what you do not know .
and certainly , you already know about the first resurrection , you would remember
how do you see what you soww ? !
are you the ones who make it grow , or are WE who makes it grow ?
if We wanted it , surely We would make it crushed , then you would not stop regretting :
&quot; Sur, we are loss -@ suffering .
no , but it was withheld from us . &quot;
how do you see the water you drink ? !
are you the ones who drop it out of the clouds , or are WE The Sending ? !
if We wanted , We would make it angry . if you would be grateful !
how do you see the fire you kinddle ? !
are you the ones who created its tree , or are WE the producing ?
We did it as an admonition and consumer ables for the wanderaround .
so praise the name of your very LORD .
so I swear at the phases of the stars ,
and certainly it is undoubtedly a mighty oath , you would only know
certainly , he is a noble Quran .
in a preserved
only the purified touch
he is the successive sending from the Lord of all creation .
are you hypocritical to this report ?
and you are yourgrateful for your Rizq , that you deny him ?
and you would have brought the soul back ) when it reached her throat
while you watch during this time .
and WE are closer to him than you . but you do not see
and you would not be condemned
you will bring them back if you were .
and if he belonged among the near ,
then there is rest , grace and a Janna of
and if he belonged to the companions of the right hand ,
then Salam be to you of the companions from the right hand .
and if he belonged to the straying den
then there is an accommodation of Sieden
and throw in
certainly , this is the true certainty .
so praise the name of your very LORD .
Allah praises all who are in the heavens and the earth , and He is the Blessed , The Wise .
to him belongs dominion of the heavens and the earth ; he animves and lets to die ; and He is almighty above all .
He is The always One , The Always Remaining , The Obvious and The Inner . and He is omniscient about everything .
he is the one who created the heavens and the earth in six Ay -@ yam , then turned to Al &apos;ahr
he knows what goes into the earth , what comes out of it , what descdown from heaven and what goes up to him .
and He is with you where you are
and ALL is seeing of what you do , you doing .
to it the dominion of the heavens and the earth . and ALL are subject to the affairs .
he lets the night flow into the day and lets the day flow into the night , and He is omniscient about that in the breasts .
internalize the Iman to ALLAH and His Messenger and ate from what He made you property rators .
for those of you who internalized and donated the Iman , a great reward is destined .
and why do you not internalize the Iman of Allah , while the Messenger calls you to internalize the Iman of your Lord ? and He already received your vow , if you be mumin
he is the One who sent down clear ayat to his servant , that He may bring you out from the darkness to the light . and certainly , Allah is all kind , gracious to you .
and why do you not donate fi -@ sabilillah , and Allah belongs to the legacy of the ens and the earth ?
not the same is the one of you who donated and fought before the capture ( of Mecca ) ( the one did do so ) .
these have higher position than those who donated and fought afterwards
and both promised ALLAH the beauty .
and Allah is knowledgeable of what you do .
who is this one gives ALLAH ( His thing ) a nice loan ? then He will multiply it this , and for him a noble reward is destined .
the day you see the momin -@ men and the mumin -@ women , their light runs in front of them and with their right : &quot; There is a good news for you today - Jannat crossed by rivers as Eternal in it . &quot;
this is the tremendous success .
on the day when the Munafiq -@ men and the Munafiq -@ women to those who internalized the Iman said : &quot; Wawaiting for us so that us to benefit something from your light , &quot; is said : &quot; goes back backwards , then look for light . &quot;
then a dividing wall was built between them , which has a door in whose inside is grace , while outside is punsing .
they call them , &quot; Arwe not with you ? &quot;
they said , &quot; Yes , for sure , but you have left yourself to Fitna , waited and doubted , and the hopes deceived you until Allah &apos;s instruction came .
and ALLAved deceived towards the deceptive .
so today neither you is a stitute service , nor by those who have operated Kufr . your accommodation
it is your Maula . and becoming is pathetic .
Is it not yet time for those who internalized the Iman that their hearts show recommemce and what has been revealed down by the truth , and that they do not become like those to whom the Scripture was given , then for them for the time , then their hearts became hard ?
and many of them are Fasiq
know now that Allah certainly animves the earth after its death , and We already explained the Ayat that you understand .
certainly , the donating men , the donating women and those who give ALLA( His thing ) a Hasan fu-@ bond , this it is multiplied and for them a beautiful reward is destined .
and those who internalized the Iman of Allah and His engers , these are the uttruthful , and the witnesses by their Lord ; they have their reward and their light .
and those who have operated Kufr and denied Our Ayat , these are the companions of hell .
Know that worldthly life is only pleasure , distraction , jewellery , importance among you and increase in wealth and children
it is like abundant rain , whose plant growth pleases the kafir , then it dries ( the plant growth ) , and you see it turn yellow , then it becomes crushed , and in the hereafter there is hard punsing and forgiveness of ALand pleasure .
but the life of this side is nothing but consumer goods of deception .
competes for forgiveness from your Lord and a Janna whose breadth is like the breadth of heaven and earth , it was prepared for those who internalized Iman of Allah and His Messenger . this is Allah &apos;s favor which He grants to him whom He wants . and Allah is of immmeasurable favor .
neither a mischief on earth , nor yourselves , without it being in a scripture before We created it .
lest you should moururn for what which has escaped you , and not excessively rejoice in what which was granted to you .
and ALLAH does not love every important bouncer ,
those who stingny and command man avarice .
and he who turns away is certainly ALL The absolutely car brand , The All-worthy .
Certainly We already sent Our envoys with the clear signs and sent with them the Scripture and Al j-@ mizan , so that men may exercise rightejustice . and We sent down the iron in which there is fierviolent violence and useful for the people , and thus ALLAH recognwho helps His ( Din ) and His Messenger in secret . certainly , ALLAis all-powerful , all worthy .
and surely , We already sent Nuh and Ibrahim , and left in their seed be the prophecood and the Scripture .
so some of them are guided , and many of them are Fasiq
Then We sent Our envoys in their footsteps and sent &apos; Isa Ibnu g-@ Maryam and gave him Alindschil .
and We put in the hearts of those who followed him , mercy and grace and monasticism that they invented , which We did not imposed on them except in the pursuit of Allah &apos;s pleasure , but they did not keep it as he deser.
then We left their reward of those who internalized the Iman to receive their reward , and many of them are Fasiq .
you who have internalized the Iman !
acts Taqwa according to ALLAH and internalizes Iman to His Messenger enger , then He grants you two parts of His grace , make light for you with whom you go , and forgive you .
that the owners of the may know with certainty that they have no power over anything of Allah favor , and that the favor is certainly subject to Allah , He makes them prove whom He wants .
and ALLAH is of immeasurable favor .
already ALLAH heard the statement of those who disputed with you for their husband and complained of ALLAH , and ALLAH heard your dialogue .
those of you who pronounced their wives Zihar , these are certainly not their mothers ; surely their mothers are only those who give birth to them .
and certainly , they say something disapproved of what has been said and wrong . and certainly , ALL is faithful -@ acceptable , forgiving .
and to those who pronounced their wives Zihar , take back what they said is ( as Kaffara ) the liberation of an unelfree man before both touch themselves inately , with you be admonished . and Allah is ledgeable of what you do .
so if you cannot do this , he for two consecutive months , before both touch intimate
and whoever cannot not , he feeds sixty arms ; this , that you may internalize the Iman of Allah and His Messenger .
and these are ALLAH &apos;s guidelines .
and for the Kafir a painful punsing is intended .
Indeed , those who oppose Allah and His messenger were put down , as those were put before them , and already We sent down clear Ayat .
and for the Kafir is degrading punsing .
on the day they are all awakened , then He will tell them about what they did
Allah embpped it in detail as they forgot it . and Allah is above all .
have you not perceived that Allah knows everything that is in the heavens and on earth ?
there is neither a secret conversation of three , without He being their fourth , nor of five , without He being their sixth , nor less than this or nor more , without He being with them , where they are ; then He will tell them about what they did on the day of Resurrection .
certainly , ALLAH is omniscient about everything .
did you not see those who were forbidden the secret conversation , then they still return to what was forbidden to , and talk secretly about the missing , transgression and the contradiction of the Messenger ?
and when they come to you , they greet you with that with Allah did not greet you , and say within them , &quot; would mentment us for what we say ! &quot;
Jahannam is enough for them , they are thrown into it . so the becoming able is pathetic .
you who have internalized the Iman !
If you talk confidential , then do not talk confidentially about the failure , transgression and the contradiction of the Messenger ! and talk confidentially about the benevolent action and the Taqwa !
the secret conversation is only from Satan , so that you make those who internalized the Iman sad , but he will not harm them in anything but with Allah &apos;s consent . and Allah shall practice the Moomin Tawakkul .
you who have internalized the Iman !
if you are told , &quot; Make room while sitting ! , &quot; then make room ! Allah may
and when you are told , &quot; &apos; get up ! &quot; then stand up ! Allah exalens those of you who internalized Iman , and those to whom the knowledge was given for positions .
and ALL is knowledgeable of what you do .
you who have internalized the Iman !
if you want to talk confidentially with the Messenger , give a sadaqa before your confidential conversation
this is better for you and purer
and if you cannot , so certainly , Allah is forgigiving , gracious .
Are you afraid to adSadaqa before your confidential conversation ?
and if you do not do it - and Allah already accepted your repentance , properly the ritual prayer , pay the zakate and obey Allah and His Messenger !
and ALL is knowledgeable of what you do .
didn you not see those who took people about whom ALLAH is angry when Wali ? !
they are neither of you , nor of them , and they swear by the lie while they know .
Allah prepared them a painful punishment . surely it was bad what they used to do
they took their oaths as a shield , then they held away from Allah &apos;s way .
they will neither their wealth une nor their children will benefit from Allah ; these are the companions of the fire , they remain in it
on the day He awakens them all , they will swear to as they swear to you , and they think they have something ( useful ) .
they are the actual liars .
Satan took possession of them , then he had them forget Allah &apos;s reemoration .
these are the party of Satan .
yes , undoubtedly ! the of Satan are the real losers
Indeed , those who oppose Allah and His Messenger , these are among the lowest
Allah wrote : &quot; but I and My messengers will ail . &quot; surely , Allah is powerful , worworthy .
you do not find people who internalize the man at Allah and on the Last Day , love those who opposed Allah and His messenger , even if they were their fathers , their sons , their brothers or their relatives
these are those in whose hearts He wrote the Iman and whom He strengthened with glory from Him
and He causes them to enter into Jat , are crossed by rivers , in ein they are eternal .
Allah is pleased with them and they are pleased with
these are the ALLAH ( loyal )
yes , undoubtedly ! the ALLA( loyal ) party are the real successful
Allah praises all who are in the heavens and the earth , and He is the Blessed , The Wise .
he is the one who let those of the font owners who operated Kufr out of their homes to the first expulsion .
you thought not that they would come out , and they thought that their castles would protect them from Allah ; then Allah came to them from there , wherewith they did not count , and cast terror in their hearts .
they destroyed their houses with their own hands and the hands of the mumin , so draw a lesson , you with insight
and if Allah not determined the deportation to them , He would have tormented them in this world , and for them the punishment of fire is determined in the afterafter .
this , because they resistose Allah and His messenger , and he oopposes ALLAH , certainly , ALLAH is in punishishment .
and you have not liked a young date palm or let it stand on their roots except with Allah &apos;s approval , and so that He humbles the Fasiq .
and what ALL His messenger of them prey , for you have neither horses nor riding camels run . but Allah makes His messengers to action against those whom He wants . and Allah is alniighty
what made ALL made His enger a prey of the inhabitants of the villages , this is for Allah ( cause ) , for the Messenger enger , for those of kinship , for the orphans , for the poor and for the eller in need , so that it may not rotate among the rich of you .
and what the Messenger gave you , take it ; and what he forbade you , let go from it .
and acts to Taqwa according to ALLAH ! , ALLAH is hard in punishment .
it is for the hijra d -@ entrepreneurging poor , expelled from their homes and assets , they strive for favor of ALLAand pleasure , and they help ALLAs ( Din ) and His Messenger , who are the real truthful
and those who already lived inhabited the abode ( Madina ) and the Iman ( internalized before them , love those who made Hijrah to them , and they find in their breasts no desire for what has was given to them , and they prefer others before themselves , even if they are in need
and those who is protected from the avingice of his ego , these are the real successful .
and those who came after them say , Our Lord !
forgive us and our siblings who internalized the Iman before us , and do not be resentment in our hearts for those who internalized the Iman .
Our
certainly , YOU are kind , gracious . &quot;
you have not seen those who have practiced Nifaq , they tell their brothers about the owners of the writers who have ed Kufr : &quot; If you were driven elled , then we would certainly leave with you and would not obey against you at all ; and if you were fight , we would help you ! &quot;
and Allah testifies that they are certainly liars .
if they were driven elled , they will not go away with them , if they were fought , they will not help them , and if they help them , if they would turn their backs , then they will not be helped .
certainly , you are more fearrifin their hearts than Allah .
this , because they are people who do not understand .
they do not fight against you together except in fortified villages or from behind walls .
you suspect them united while their hearts are different , because they are people who do not reflect .
like those before them recently , they experienced the evil consequences of their matter , and for them is painful toris determined .
like Satan , when he said to man , &quot; Run Kufr ! &quot; and after he had ed Kufr , he said , &quot; certainly I say away of you ; I am afraid of Allah , The LORD of all creation .
so the next of both was that they were eternal in the fire in it .
and this is the retribution of the injustice , -@ Be
you who have internalized the Iman !
acts Taqwa to ALLAH , and a soul shall look for what it sent before tomorrow !
and acts to Taqwa according to ALLAH ! surely , LAH is aware of what you are doing .
and do not be like those who forgot Allah , then He made them forget themselves .
these are the real Fasiq
not equal are the companions of fire and the companions of Janna .
We would send down this Quran to a mountain , certainly , you would humbly see him , split from aence .
and these parables shape us for people so that they may think .
he is Allah , the one except Whom there is no Deity , The Knowing of the hidden and the visible .
he is ALL , The the He except Wm there is no Deity , The Ruler , The absolutely Pure , The absolutely Imwless , The Safety Guaranting , The Who has all everything , The Worone , The All-Compelling , Who One above all .
subhanallah about what they do on Schirk .
he is ALLAH , The Creator , Gito Existence , The Forming .
all that is in the heavens and on earth praises Him , and He is the Worworthy , The Wise .
you who have internalized the Iman , do not take My enemy and your enemy as Wali .
you show love to them , while they have already done Kufr what came to you from of the truth ; they drive out the Messenger and you , because you have internalized the Iman of Allah your Lord .
if you have left jischihad , -@ doing on My way and in the pursuit of My pleasure ( do not take her as Wali ) ; you secretly express them love , and I know better about what you conceal and what you reveal .
and whoever does it from you , he already missed the right way .
if they overm you , they will be enemies for you , and shall stretch their hands and their tongues evil against you ; and they wished to do Kufr
neither your relatives nor your children will benefit you . on the Day of Resurrection , judge among you . and is seeing of what you do .
To you we practice Tawakkul , to you turn to you and to You is the becoming .
Our
Let us not be a Fitna , for those who operated Kufr , and forgive us - our Lord ! - surely , YOU is the Worle , The Wise ! &quot;
certainly , there was already a beautiful example for you in them for everyone who hopes for ALLAH and the Last Day .
and whoever turns away , so certainly , ALL is The absolutely car brand , The Alllobworthy One .
perhaps Allah gives love arise between you and those of them who have hostile .
and ALLAH is omnipotent , and ALLAH is forgiving , gracious .
Allah does not forbid you those who did not fight you of Din and have not expelled you out of your dwellings , that you may meet them with goodness and treat them righteously ; surely Allah loves the righte
Allah forbids you only those who fought you for Din , expelled you from your dwellings , and helped in your expulsion to take them as Wali .
and if who takes them as Wali , they are the actual injustice in -@
you who have internalized the Iman !
if to you the momin , -@ women hijra -@ entrepreneurial , then check her .
and if you recognize her as a mumin , she don &apos;t send her back to the Kafir !
neither they ( the momin ? -@ women ) are halal for them ( the Kafir ) , nor they are halal for them , and give them ( the kafir ) what they spent ( as a bridal gift )
and there is no fault gresyou if you marry them , if you give them their bridal gift , and do not keep the Kafir -@ spouses !
and demand what you spent , and they should demand what they spent . this is
he judge among you . and Allah is omniscient , all-wise
and should overflow one of your spouses to the Kafir and you retaliate , then give those whose wiwent , the same as what they spent , and act to Taqwa to Allah , to whom you internalize the Iman

if the momin : -@ women come to you to give you Bai &apos;a that they do not do anything to Schirk , nor steal , nor commit Zina , nor kill their children , nor bring false wrong , they find between their hands and legs , and nor resist you in the approved , then take from them their Bai &apos;a and ask ALLAfor forgiveness for them .
you who have internalized the Iman !
do not take people as Wali , about whom ALLAH is angry , already desperate in the afterlife , as the Kafir desperate to the companions of the graves
Allah praises all who are in the heavens and the earth , and He is the Blessed , The Wise .
you who have internalized the Iman !
why do you say what you don not doing ?
it is something serious abed at ALLAH that you say what you do not do .
certainly , ALLAH loves those who fight on His way in as if they were a compact construction
and when Musa said to his people , &quot; my people , why are you offult me , where you already know that I am Allah messenger to you ? &quot;
and as they devited , ALLAH made their hearts deviate .
and ALLAH does not quite lead the fisq , -@ operating people .
and ( remember ) when &apos; Isa Ibnu -@ Maryam said , &quot; Children of Israil !
Indeed , I am Allah &apos;s messenger to ming to you what was before me of At -@ taurat , and bringing a jogood news from an messenger who comes after me whose name is Ahmad ( Promised . &quot;
and when he came to them with the clear signs , they said , &quot; This is a clear magic . &quot;
and no one commits more injustice than the one who invented lies in the name of ALLA while being invited to Islam .
and ALLAH does not lead the wrong tice -@ beitting people right .
they want to extinguish Allah &apos;s light with their mouths , and ALLAH will make His light complete , even then , the Kafir would be averse to .
he is the one Who sent His Messenger with the guidance and the Din of truth , so that He may surpass all in , even then , if the mschry would be averse .
you who have internalized the Iman !
shall I draw you to a trade that saves you from a paintor?
you internalize the Iman of ALLAH and His messenger and make jihad fi -@ sabilillah with your assets and yourself .
he forgives you your transgreseds and lets you enter Jannat crossed by rivers , as well as in beautiful dwellings in &apos; Adn -@ Jannat .
and something else you love - help from Allah and a close victory
and bring the mumin happy news
you who have internalized the Iman !
are assiufor ALLAHs ( Din ) , as &apos; Isa Ibnu -@ Maryam said to the disciples , &quot; Who are my members to ALL ? &quot; the disciples said , &quot; We are the accompanying for ALLAin . &quot;
then a group of the children of Israel internalized the Iman , and Kufr ran a ( other ) group , then We supported those who internalized the Iman against their enemy , then they became surpassing .
Allah prapraise all who are in the heavens and the earth , The ruler , The absolutely Pure , The Worone , The All-Wise .
he is the one who sent an messof them to the illiterate who presents to them His ayat , purises them and teaches them the Scripture and wisdom , and they were previously in a clear deception .
also to others of them who have not yet join them , and He is The Blessed , The Wise
this is Allah &apos;s favor that He grants to whom He wants , and ALLAH is of immurable favor .
the parable of those on whom At -@ taurat was imposed and then did not wear them is like the parable of the donkey carrying books .
and ALLAH does not lead the wrong tice -@ beitting people right .
say : &quot; You , the Jews
if you claim that you are Wali for Allah instead of all men , then you desire death , you would truly be . &quot;
and they never wish him because of what they did by themselves . and ALLAH is niscient about the injustice at -@ Begehenden .
say : &quot; Sur, the death you are fleeing from will still meet you , then you will sent back to the Knowing of the hidden and the visible , then He will let you about what you used to do
you who have internalized the Iman !
when called to the ritual prayer of Friday , then strive to the memory of Allah and let go from the business .
and when the ritual prayer was ended , then scatter you in the land , strive from Allah &apos;s favor and remember Allah much , so that you may succeed .
and when they saw trade or pleasure , they hurin a hurry and let you standing .
Say : &quot; What is at ALLAH is better than pleasure and than trade . and ALLAH is The best of Rizq -guarantors . &quot;
When the Munafiq came to you , they said , &quot; We testify that you are Allah messenger . &quot;
and Allah knows that you are His messenger , and Allah testifies : &quot; Surely the Munafiq are liars . &quot;
they took their oath as a shield , then they held away from Allah &apos;s way . surely it became bad what they used to do .
this , because they expressed the Iman , then operated Kufr , their hearts were sealed , so they do not understand .
and when you see them , you like their figures , and when they speak , you listen to what said .
certainly , they resemble supported woods , they suspect every cry against them .
they are the true enemy , so beware of them
Allah fight them .
how are they dissuaded ? !
and when they are told to them : Come , that Allah messenger ask for forgiveness for you , &quot; they turn away their heads ; and you see them turning away as they rise in arrogance .
it is for them whether you ask for forgiveness for them or do not ask for forgiveness for them .
Allah will never forgive
certainly , ALLAH does not quite lead fisq -@ operating people .
they are those who say , &quot; does not donate to those who are with Allah &apos;s messengers to that they may apart . &quot;
and ALL belong to the magazines of the heavens and the earth . but the Munafiq do not understand it .
they say , &quot; When we return to Madina , the stranworthy will drive the lower . &quot;
and dignity belongs to ALLAH , His envoy and the mummy , but the Munafiq do not know it .
you who have internalized the Iman !
let neither your assets , nor your children distract you from ALL &apos;s memory !
and whoever does this , these are the real losers .
and give out of Rizq , which We granted you before death comes to one of you , then he says , &quot; My LORD , if YOU have granted me ponme until a near time ; and then I will donate and be of the those pleasing to God . &quot;
and Allah will never grant postponement to a soul when its deadline came , and ALLAH is aware of what you do .
Allah praises all who are in the heavens and the earth ; he owns the dominion and Him deserves all praise . and He is almighty above all .
he is the one who created you , so some of you are Kafir and some of you mumin . and ALL is seeing of what you do .
he created the heavens and the earth in law and formed you , then made your figures beautiful , and to Him is the becoming .
He knows this in the heavens and on earth . and He knows what you conceal and what you reveal . and Allah is omniscient about that in the breasts .
didn not come to you the message about those who previously operated Kufr ? !
then they learned the evil consequences of their matter , and for ( they ) painizing torsing is destined .
this , because their messengers used to come to them with clear signs , then they said , &quot; People lead us right ? &quot;
then they operated Kufr and turned
and ALLAH does not on anyone . and ALLAH is absolutely self-sufficient , all-lobworworthy .
those who have operated Kufr claimed that they would not be awakened .
say , &quot; Yes , for certainly , with my Lord ; you are awakened , then you are oubtedly be told of what you have done .
and this is something easy for ALLAH . &quot;
so internalize the Iman to Allah , His Messenger and the light that We sent down
and Allah is knowledgeable of what you do .
Remember the day when he brings you together for the day of gathering . this is the ( accusation ) day for overdivision . and whointernalizes the Iman and ends to God , He forgives his God-undue deeds and lets him enter into Jannat , which been crossed by rivers , they are eternal in it forever .
and those who pursuKufr and denied Our Ayat , these are the companions of the fire , forever in it they are .
it did nothing with misfortune except with Allah &apos;s consent . and he who internalizes the Iman , guides his heart right . and Allah is omniscient about
and obebey Allah and obebey the Messenger ; if you turn away , the responsibility of Our Messenger is only the clear announcement .
he is ALL , there is no deity but Him . and Allah to practice the Moomin Tawakkul !
you who have internalized the Iman !
certainly , from your spouses and your children there are enemies for you , so beware of
and if you release it , look and forgive it , so surely , Allah is forgiving , gracious .
your assets and your children are just Fitna . and at ALLAH there is tremendous reward .
so Taqwa acts according to ALLAH as you can listen , obey and donate good to yourself ! and whoever is protected from the avice of his ego , these are the real successones .
if you give ALL ( His thing ) a Hasan -@ bond , He will multiply you and forgive you , and ALLAH is abundrewarding , indbearent .
he is The Knownisent of the hidden and the visible , The Worone , The Wise
and when they reached their appointed time , keep them in equity or separate from them to the approved , and let two righteous of you testify to this , and keep the testimony for Allah &apos;s sake .
with this is admonis the one who internalizes the Iman at Allah and the Last Day .
and whoacts to Taqwa according to ALLAH , He makes a way out
and grants him Rizq from th, wherewith he does not count .
and whoever practices ALALL towards Tawakkul , He is enough for him .
certainly , ALLAH will help His statement his statement . already ALLAH made something specific for every thing .
and those of your wives who do no longer expect menstruation - if you have doubts - so their &apos; Idda is for three months , as well as for those who have not yet had menstruation . and for pregnant women - their deadline ends when they have released . and ( who ) acts Taqwa according to ALLAH , He grants relief in his matter .
This is Allah &apos;s instruction which He sent you down , and he who acts to Taqwa according to Allah , He forgives his misd-prdue deeds and makes the reward great for him .
Let them dwell where you live , after your fortune , and do nothing harm to them to opress them .
and if they be pregnant , then grant them maintenance until they have delivered ; and if they feed for you , give them their reward .
and call each other to the approved , and if you have difficulties together , another will satisfy for him
the wealthy man shall grant his assets une after maintenance ! and to whom little Rizq was granted , he shall give maintenance of what ALLAH granted him .
Allah is not responsibility to any soul except what He granted it .
Allah will relax relaxation after confinints .
and how many villages resisted the instruction of their Lord and His Messenger , then We settled with them with a hard reckoning , and tormented them a horrific tor.
then they learned the evil consequences of their matter . and the subsequent of their matter was loss .
Allah prepared them a hard tor
so Taqwa acts according to ALLAH , you with mind who internalized the Iman ! already !
an messenger who clearly presents you to Allah Ay, so that He may bring those who have internalized Iman and done good pleasing to God good from the darkness into the light .
and whoever internalizes the Iman in Allah and does good pleto God , He lets him enter Jannat , which are crossed by rivers , they are there they are .
Allah is the One Who created seven heavens and unparalleled from the earth .
the instruction gradually descends between them , so that you know that Allah is almighty above everything , and that Allah already included everything with knowledge .

why do you explain haram what ALLAH declared halal to you ? !
do you seek the satisfaction of your wives ? !
and ALLAH is allver , -@ giving , gracious .
already ALL prescriwrote to you the release birth of your oaths . and Allah is your Maula . and He is The Omniscient , The Wise .
and ( remember all ) , when the Prophet entrusted some of his wives a account as a secret , then she told him ( others ) and ALinformed him about it , he made some of it known and refrain from some .
and when he told her , she said , &quot; Who told you this ?
he said , &quot; I told me The Omniscient , The Knowledgeable . &quot;
If you both repent of Allah , your hearts deviated , and when you connect against him , Allah is his Maula , as well as jibril and the good of the Moummy , and the angels are following each another
perhaps his Lord exto him when he carries out to you to Talaq y @ divorce , other wives who are better than you , ing islam -@ , iman -@ internalizing , much praying , regenting , serving ALLAH , fasting / hijra -@ entreprenising , not virgin and virgin .
you who have internalized the Iman protect yourand those Os from a fire whose fuel is men and the stones , over him ( fire ) are strict , hard angels who do not resist in what He commanded them , and they do what is commanded .
you who operated Kufr
do not apologize today !
you will only rewarded what you used to do .
you who have internalized the Iman !
repent of Allah with a sincere repentance ; perhaps your Lord will rease t your God-sidue deeds and let you enter Jannat crossed by rivers , on the day Allah does not humble the prophet and those who internalize with man .
their light runs before them , and on their right hand , they say , &quot; Our Lord ! &quot;
make us our light complete and forgive us ! You are omnipotent above everything . &quot;

jihad against the Kafir and the Munafiq and be strict them
and their lodging is Jahannam . and the becoming is pathetic .
Allah shaped a parable for those who pursued Kufr , the wife of Nuh and the wife of Lut . both were with two servants of Our servants , who were godly good , then both ( women ) betrayal against them , then both did not use them ( wives ) wives . and it was said &quot;
and Allah coined a parable for those who internalized Iman , the wife of Pharaoh , when she said , &quot; My LORD !
build a house in me you in Janna , and deliver me from Pharaoh and his doings , and deliver me from the wrong people &quot;
even did Maryam Ibnatu gut-@ Imran , who kept her chastity , then We breathed into her a praise from Us ; and she considered the words of her Lord and His scriptures true and was one of the always servants
ever more alme is the one who holds dominion . and He is omnipotent above everything ,
who created death and life , that He might test you who of you is better in doing , and He is the WorOne , The Forgiving .
You see in the creation of the All-Grapointing nothing of disharmony .
so behold repeatedly , do you see anything about cracks ? !
then look twice repeatedly , so the look returns to you while he is tired
and surely , already We already decorated the lowest heaven with lights , and made them stoning for the satans ; and We prepared for them the punishment of the gluheat .
and for those who have done ed Kufr to their LORD , the punishment of Jahannam is destined ; and the becoming is miserable .
when they are thrown into them , they hear of their cry as she boks
again and again when a group is thrown into them , they are asked by their representatives : &quot; Did no warner came to you ? &quot;
they said , &quot; Yes , for sure ! already a warner came to us , then we denied and said , &quot; Allah did not send down , you are only in a great decoom .
and they said , &quot; If we had listened or remembered , we would not be among the companions of the Gluthheat . &quot;
so they admitted their misconduct . so destruction be to the companions of the heat
Indeed , those who have aence for their Lord secret , for this forgiveness and great reward is destined .
and conceals your statement or reveals it , surely He is omniscient about that in the breasts .
does the one who created does not possess knowledge while He is the All-kind , The All-?
He is the one who made the earth yielent for you , so moves around in its areas and eat of His Rizq ; and to Him is the resurrection .
you feel before Him , Whone is in heaven , that He sinks the earth with you , and that it trembles immediately ?
or do you feel safe of Him , Whone is in heaven , that He sends sandstorm over you ? so you will still know how My warning is .
and certainly , already from those who were before them denied . so how was My disapproval ? !
did they not see over them the birds with outstretched wings , and they feed them in ?
no one holds them except the Blessed MerGraepful . surely He is seeing above all .
or who is this one who is a helper for you and assists you instead of The GraGood ?
the Kafir are only in deception .
or who is this who grants you Rizq when He held His Rizq ? !
no , but they exaggerate in transgression and relgenation .
is the one who goes to the ground to the face , right-guided or the one who goes upright on a straightforward path ? !
say ay : &quot; He is the one who raised you , and He made you the hearing , the eyes and the mind . &quot;
Say , &quot; He is the one who made you multiply on earth , and to Him you be gathered together . &quot;
and they say , &quot; When is this threat , should you be true ? &quot;
sag : &quot; The knowledge is only at ALLAH . and I am just a clear warner . &quot;
and after they had seen them near , the faces of those who operated Kufr were grieved , and it was said , &quot; This is what you used to demand . &quot;
say ay : &quot; How do you see it ? Allah destroys me and those with me or shows grace , who gives the Kafir protection from paintor? &quot;
sag : &quot; He is The MerTeing . To Him we internalized the Iman and to Him we practice Tawakkul . &quot;
say , &quot; How do you see ? if your water runs up , who will bring you flowing water ? &quot;
Nuun
at Al Win32 -@ qalam and what they write in lines !
you are not a disturbecause of the benefit of your LORD
and surely , for you a non-going reward is destined .
and certainly you have an excellent character .
so you &apos;ll still have insight , and they have insight
about who of you is Fitna -@ agued
surely , your Lord knows better about the one who strayed from His way , and He knows better about the righteguided .
so do not listen to the den
they wished you would b, then they bend .
and do not listen to every humated much about -@ swear ,
( the ) , reading Namima ,
preventing enting the good , aggression , much
and is fleading , is also a bastard .
( this only ) because he had wealth and children .
when Our Ayat were presented to him , he said , &quot; They are legends of the former . &quot;
We will brand it on the trunk
certainly , We examined them how We examined the owners of Janna when they swore to harvest ap in the morning
and nothing to skiit anything .
then a whirlling whwirswirled from your LORD as they slept ,
then she became like the harvested .
then they called each other in the morning
&quot; Go to your farmland in the , you should be those . &quot;
then they started as they whispered to each other :
&quot; by no does she enter a needy today . &quot;
and they went able of keeping away in the morning .
and when they saw them , they said , &quot; surely we were mistaken
no , but we are excluded . &quot;
the middle of them said , &quot; I did not tell you : would you only praise ? &quot;
they said , &quot; Praise -exalme is our LORD
certainly , we were wrong about -@ going . &quot;
then some of them turned to the other , they accached each other ,
they said , &quot; Our
certainly , we were transgressors .
Hopefully our Lord will exchange us better than them ; surely we are ALL to asking . &quot;
and the punishment of the hereafter is even greater , if they only know .
certainly , for the Muttaqi there is with their LORD the annof welfare .
do We let the Muslims like the seriously missing ? !
what about you , how do you judge ? !
or you have a writing in which you read ,
that it is yours what you choose ?
or do We owe you sufficient vows until the Day of Resurrection , that it is yours what you judge ?
ask them which of them claims
or do they have ( ALLAH ) ? !
then they should bring their ( ALLAH ) members , if they be true !
on the day when something serious is revealed and they are asked to Suju, then it cannot not ,
their eyes are wered ( with awe ) , and humiliation overcomes them , and already they have been asked to Suush when they were safe .
therefore let me with those who deny this communication , WE will attract it , from where they do not know .
and I grant them postponement . certainly , My planning is strong .
or do you demand reward from them , so that they are burdened by their obligation ? !
or do they have the hidden with them , they write ? !
so be patience with the destiny of your LORD , and be as the companion of the fish when he called while he was oppressed .
if he not given him a benefit from his LORD , he have thrown into the bare land while he was rebuked .
then his LORD chose him , and He made him of those who asing God .
and those who practiced Kufr had almost brought you down with their eyes when they heard the admonition , and they say , &quot; Surely he is mentally disturbed . &quot;
and he ( the Quran ) is nothing more than admonition for all creation .
Al in -@ haqa ,
what is Al fu -@ haqa ? !
and what do you know what Al -@ haqa is ?
Thamud and &apos; Aad denied the victims .
therefore with regard to Thamud , they were destroyed by the excgresing .
and as to &apos; Aad , they were destroyed by a very violent cyclone .
He added him to them seven nights and eight days in a row , you see the people stretdown to the ground , as if they were fallen date palm stumps .
so do you see something remaining of them ?
and Pharaoh came , those before him , and the turned with the reprehensible ,
then they resisted the Messenger of their LORD , and We charged them with excessive matters
certainly , when the water was flooded , We carried you in the floating ,
that We may make them an admonition for you , and make a conscious ear conscious
so if a single push is pushed in As -@ sur is push,
and the earth and the mountains are carried , then crushed with a single push ,
on that day the event happened ,
and heaven split divided , for he is frail that day ,
and the angels are at his edges ; and Al ahrsch of thy LORD watch over them this day .
on this day you are presented . not a hidden one remains secret from you .
So with regard to the one whom his register is given with the right , he said : &quot; Take , read my register !
certainly , I knew that I would certainly meet my reckoning . &quot;
so he is in a pleasing life , so
in a high Janna ,
whose fruits are
eat and drink wholesously for what you have presented in the past few days .
and with regard to the one whom his register is given with the left , he said : &quot; I would not have received my register ,
and do not know what my settlement is !
he have been the final the final !
I did not use my wealth
my power left me .
&quot; you shall take him , immediately ,
then throw into hell ,
then let to slip into a chain whose length is seventy cubits !
certainly , he used to internalize Iman to not internalize the Most One
and not to feed the needy .
so there is neither a close friend for him
nor food except of water full of pus , nor
that no one eats except the missing . &quot;
so I swear by what you have insight into ,
and with what you have no insight into ,
certainly , he is undoubtedly the word of a noble messenger ,
and he is not the word of a poet ; it is a little that it internalizes the Iman .
Nor is he the word of a fortvineller . it is a little that you remember .
he is the successive sending from the Lord of all creation .
and if he had earned ved something invented in Our name ,
certainly We would have taken away his rights from him ,
then the main artery cut through him .
so there is none of you to hold it back from him .
and surely he is an admonition for the Muttaqi
and surely , We know that there are denamong you .
and surely he is a self-charge for the Kir .
and surely he is the truth of certainty .
so praise the very name of your Lord .
a bittender asked for a ple
for the Kafir for whom there is no
of ALLAH , Him with the ascents heavenly .
the angels and praise ascend to Him a aum whose length is fifty thousand years
so practice yourself in beautiful patience !
certainly , they see them far away ,
and WE see them
in the day when the sky becomes like the fused ,
and the mountains become like the wool ,
and no close friend asks a close friend .
and they are shown to them ; the seriously missing desires that he could free himself from the punsing that day with his sons ,
with his companion , with his brother ,
with his extended family who welcomes him ,
and with all on the earth , all , then that this saves him .
no ! it is a fire fl
pultracoff of the scalins ,
who calls the one who turned his back and turned away .
and accumulated , then kept ( only for itself ) retained .
certainly , man was created as a anxious impatient .
when evil hits him , he is extremely impatient
and when good hits him , he is extremely stingy ,
except the praying
who always keep their ritual prayer ,
as well as those in whose assets are a established law is
for the bitter and the excluded ,
as well as those who consider the Day of Din to be true ,
and to those who are honed before the punishment of their LORD , th-,
surely the punishment of their Lord is not asable
as well as those who are preserved their chastity
except before their spouses or before those who belong to them , for then they are not to bl
and whwho strives for something , these are the real transgres
as well as those who take care of the entrusted to them and their contracts ,
and those who make their testimonies ,
as well as those who perform their ritual prayers in their time ,
these are appreciated in Jannat .
so what about those who have operated Kufr , they come to you
from the right and from the left in groups ?
does every man of them that he will be let into a Janna of well-being ?

certainly , We created them from what they know . &quot;
so I swear by the LORD the east and the West , surely We are certainly able to
they with better than they exchange , and We are not preferred .
let them enter, and comdo nonchief , until they meet their day , which is threatened with them .
on the day they come out of the graves , as if they were tracking cking into signs .
their eyes are lowered ( awe ) , and humiliation overcomes them , this is the day that has always been threatened with them .
certainly , We sent Nuh to his people , &quot; Warn your people before a painful torcomes to them . &quot;
he said , &quot; My people
certainly I am a clear warner for you
serves ALLAH and acts Taqwa according to Him and obeys me !
He forgives you from your transgreseds and grants you postponement until a set deadline . certainly , when Allah &apos;s deadline begins , you will longer be advanced , you would only know . &quot;
he said , &quot; My LORD !
certainly I made Da &apos;wa among my people at night and during the
but my Da &apos;wa strengthened her only in escape .
and again and again , when I made Da &apos;wa , that YOU forgive them , they put their fingers in their ears , enveloped with their clothes , insisted , and rose in quite arrogance .
then I made Da &apos;wa to public ,
then I put it open to them and also shared it to them secretly .
then I said , &quot; Ask your Lord for forgiveness ; surely He is always forgiving ,
he makes heaven rain over you ,
provide you with assets and children , let Jannat grow for you and let rivers flow for you .
Why are you not interested in appreciating ALLAH ,
where He already created you in phases ?
do you not take how ALLAH created seven heavies on top of each other ?
and He made the moon in them as light and the sun as a lamp .
and ALL really let you forth by the earth ,
then He brings you back into them and He really brings you out .
and Allah made the earth as the undeveloped ,
so that you may build on its wide streets . &quot;
Nuh said , &quot; Lord
certainly , they opposed me and followed the one whose wealth and children only increased him in loss
and they planned an extremely suspicious cunning ,
and said , &quot; Never leave your gods , neither leave Wadd , nor Suwa , nor Yaghuth , Ya &apos;uq and Nasr !
and already they temppt many . and YOU more the unongous only mistwrong . &quot;
because of their misgreseds they were drowned , then brought into a fire , then they found no assimembers for themselves instead of Allah .
and Nuh said , &quot; My LORD !
leave no on Earth from the Kafir
certainly , if YOU leaves them , they lead your servants and testify nothing but an extremely kufr -@ who the miseds .
my
forgive me , my parents , anyone who enters my house as a mumin , the mumin -men and the mumin for -women , and do not increase the injustice -going except destruction . &quot;
Say : &quot; I was given as Wahy that a group listened to the Jinn . &quot;
then they said , &quot; Surely we heard a wonderful Quran . &quot;
then we internalized the Iman Iman of him , and we will not do with any shirk to our LORD . &quot;
&quot; and surely all have is the glory of our Lord , He took neither companion nor children . &quot;
&quot; and certainly , the limited of us used to say only deviations about ALLAH . &quot;
&quot; and certainly , we thought that people and Jinn never say about ALLAH Reende . &quot;
&quot; and certainly , some men from men used to seek protection from some men from the Jinn , then they increased them wrong . &quot;
&quot; and certainly they thought as you thought that Allah would not awaken anyone . &quot;
&quot; and certainly we looked for heaven , then they found them filled with strong guards and lightning flames .
&quot; and certainly , we used to sit on some of his waiting to , whoever is stens now finds a lurking flash flame for himself . &quot;
&quot; and certainly we do not know whether evil is desired for those on earth , or whether their Lord wanted good for them .
&quot; and certainly , among us are the Godly asing good and among us are some below this ( level ) , we belonged to various denominations .
&quot; and certainly , we believed that we did not make ALL create on earth and that we would not make Him by fleeing . &quot;
&quot; and certainly , when we heard the guidance , we internalized Iman of it , and whoever internalizes the man of his Lord fears neither dimination nor injustice . &quot;
&quot; and certainly , among us are Muslims and among us are unjust , and those who practiced Islam , they sought the reasonable .
and concerning the unrighteous , they are firewood for Jahann. &quot;
and if they had kept the way ( Allah ) , WE would have soaked them plenty water ,
that We may subjgo them to Fitna .
and whoever turns away from the memory of his LORD , He causes him enter into ascending punishment .
&quot; and surely , all mosques are for Allah . so do no supplications addressed to anyone beside Allah ! &quot;
&quot; and certainly , when Allah &apos;s servants rose ose to address petiyers to Him , they almost the oppressed . &quot;
Say , &quot; I only address petiyers to my Lord and do not shirk with anyone with Him ! &quot;
Say : surely I have neither for you neither damaging , nor good
- Say : &quot; I will not me protection from Allah , and I will find no refuge except Him ! &quot;
except about proclaims of ALAllah and His messages . and whoever resposes Allah and His messenger , so certainly Jahannam is destined for him , in it they remain forever , forever .
then when they saw what they were threatened , they will still know who has a weaker one and is less in
say ay , &quot; I do not know whether it is near what is threatened with you , or whether my LORD gives leave time for it .
he is The omniscient of hidden , so He shows not show His
except the one in whom He finds pleased as the Messenger , so He certainly lets watch before him and behind him ,
that he ( the Messenger ) that she might already delivered the message of their Lord , and He embassed what they have , and counted all in detail .
Muz . -@ zamil !
perform Qiyam all night except a little
half f of it or reduce it a little ,
or add something to her and recite the Quran in Tartil bed-@ form !
certainly , We will send you a weighword .
Certainly , getting up at night is haravier than obligation and better for the ( recited ) word .
certainly , during the day you pursue many occupations .
and remember the name of your LORD , and devoted yourself to Him in the ram .
he is The Lord of the East and the West , there is no deity but Him , so take Him as Wakil
and be patient patience with what they say and distance away from them at a beautiful distance !
and leave Me with the rich deniers and give them a little time
certainly , with Us there are heavy shackles and hell ,
and suffocating food and paintorsing
on the day when the earth and the mountains tremble , and the mountains become scattered dunes .
Indeed , We sent to you an messenger testifying to you , as We sent an messenger to Pharaoh .
then Pharaoh opposed the envoy , then We charged him with a serious concern .
for how do you protect , when you have practiced Kufr , from a day that brings gray hair to the children ?
the sky splits away .
his threat will certainly be fulfilled .
surely this is an exhortition ; he who wants makes a way to his Lord
surely , your Lord knows that you do perform Qiyam less than two-thirds of the night , half of it and a third of it , as well as a group of those with you .
and Allah determines the night and the day ; he knew that you cannot grasp in detail , He forgive you .
recite this from the Quran what you are capable of
he knew that among you would be the sick as well as others who travel around in the country , they strive for something of Allah &apos;s favor , as well as others who fight fi -@ sabilillah , recited by what you are able of . and properly perform the ritual prayer , pay the Zakate and grant a Hasan -@ bond for ALLAs Din !
and what you present to yourself good , you find better and more tremendously in reward , and ask for forgiveness !
Mud de -@ dath , -@ th
get up , then warn ,
and then glorify thy LORD with Takbir ,
and then make your clothes ritually
and then avoid the idols !
and make no reserve to receive added .
and for your LORD then be patience .
so when the Naquur pushed ,
so this is a hard day on this day .
for the Kafir , not easy .
Let Me with the one whom I created as an individual ,
and to which I granted great fortune
as well as children present ,
and for the I ( the way to glory )
then he hopes that I will give him even more .

certainly , he was defiant towards Our Ayat
I will weure him by severe hurdle . I
certainly , he thought and appreciated .
so death was to him , as he apprecidged .
then death was to , as he estimated .
then he looked ,
then he frowned forehead and dark his face ,
then he turned his back and rose into arrogance ,
then he said , &quot; This is nothing more than magic
this is only a human word . &quot;
I will throw him into Saqar .
and what do you know what Saqar is ? !
she leaves nothing left and leaves nothing .
it burns the surface of the skin .
above her are ninet
no ! at the
at the night when she passes
in the morning when it shines !
she ( Saqar ) is one of the largest ( disasters
as a warning for
for those of you who wants to proceed or go back .
every soul depends on what it
except the companions of the right .
they are in Jannat and ask each other .
after the seriously missing :
&quot; What brought you into Saqar ?
they said , &quot; We did not to be of those who of the ritual prayer , &quot;
and we did not feed the needy ,
and we used to sweate with those senseless of the senseless ,
and we used to deny the day of Din ,
until certainty came to us . &quot;
then do not use the intercession of the intercession
what is with them , turning from the exhortation ,
as if they were frightened donkeys ,
who fled a lion ? !
no , but every man of them wants scriptures unbe unbe given to him .
certainly , no !
but they do not fear the afterafter
no ! surely he is an admonition
who wants remembers
and they do not remember except if ALLAH wants , he is worthy of the Taqwa and worthy of forgiveness .
no , I swear by the Day of Resurrection ,
no , I swear by the rebuling soul .
does man think that We will not put his bones together ?
Yes , for sure ! We are capable that WE put his fingertips in order .
no , but man wants to commit misgrespublicly before Him .
he asks , &quot; When is the Day of Resurrection ? &quot;
so when the eyes shine ,
the moon is
and the sun and the moon are
man says on this day : &quot; Where is the escape route ?

there is no refuge .
by your LORD is the whereabode on this day .
man is told on that day what he presented and what he pushed
no , but man has insight into
even if he makes his excuses .
do not move your tongue , so that you have it faster .
we is responsible for his collection and his
if We had him recited , then follow his recitation !
then we are responsible for his explanation
certainly , no ! but you love the
and neglects the hereafter .
there are radiant faces on this day ,
who look up to their
and there are darkened faces that day .
they believe that they are be done to them .
certainly , no ! when it ( the soul ) reaches the collarbones ,
and it is said , &quot; Who is healer ? &quot;
and he believed that it was the separation
and the leg is beaten over the ( other ) leg ,
to your LORD is to your LORD on this day .
so he neither thought it true , nor did the ritual prayer ,
but he denied and turned his back
then he went to his family in arrogance .
it ( the evil ) came closer to you , it came closer ,
yes ! it came closer to you , it came closer , ( so beware ! ) .
man thinks that he remains as something neglected ? !
he was not a nutfa of seed that is poured out ,
then he was an &apos; Alaqa , then He ( him ) the creation , then He ( him ) did well
then He made of it the duality , the male and the female ? !
is He not able of reviving the dead ?
came people for a while from the time when he was nothing mentionable ? !
certainly , We created the man from mixed Nutfa to test him , then We made him hearing , seeing
Certainly We guided him to the way right , either thankking or extremely kufr dise-@ operating .
certainly , We prepared the Kafir chains , shackles and gluheat .
certainly , the gooddness drink of the wine mixed with camphor ,
from a source from which ALLAs servants drink , they let them gble vigorously .
they fulfill the vow and fear a day whose wickedness is
and they feed the food despite love for the poor , the orphans and the prisoners
&quot; We feed you only for Allah &apos;s sake . We want neither reward nor reward or thankgiving from you ,
surely , we fear of our Lord a dark , ominous day . &quot;
then Allah protected them from the wickedness this day and gave them rays and joy
and fortold them for patiing Janna and silk ,
based on loungers . They see neither the sun nor the moon .
and close above them are their shadows and their fruits were made very easily
and they are served with bowls of silver and chalices that are glasses ,
Silver glasses , which they appreciated .
and they is given to them to drink wine mixed with ginger ,
from a source in it called Sal ? -@ sabil .
and serve them eternal servants , when you see them , you think they are scattered pearls .
and when you see there , you see well-being and great wealth
they covered clothing from green sundos and Istabraq , and they were decorated with silver bracelets and their Lord gave them pure drink to drink .
certainly , this is a reward for you . and your aspiration was richly rewarded .
certainly , We sent you down the Quran in successive sending .
then be patiently to the judgment of your LORD , and listen to any missing or extremely Kufr -of them .
and remember the name of your LORD in the morning , and before sunset
and from the night , Sujudo for Him and praise Him for a long time at night !
certainly , they love the present and behind them they ignore a difficult day .
We created them and strengthened their joints , and if WE wanted , WE would have exchanged them with their parallers
surely , this is an admonition ; so he oever will strikes a way to his Lord .
and you do not want except that Allah wants . surely , Allah is always omniscient , wise
He causes whom He wills to enter into His grace , and for the injustice of -@ He prepared painful torishment .
among the succesful ,
then the storms in storms !
with the spreading in spread ,
then the distinguishing in distinction ,
then the admonishing bringing ,
be it an excuse or warning !
certainly , what is threatened to you will happen .
so when the stars are blurred
and when the sky is opened ,
and when the mountains are smashed ,
and if the envoy is set an appointment ,
on the day on which postponement was granted ,
to the Day of
and what do you know what the Day of Judging is ? !
Decline is intended on this day for the denday !
We did not base the former ,
then the last followed them ?
such we make with the seriously missing .
Decline is intended on this day for the denday !
We did not create you from a underestimated liquid ? !
then We made them in a fixed whereabouts ,
up to a known deadline ,
so We could it . how beautiful is the wealthy !
Decline is intended on this day for the denday !
We did not make the earth
of the living and dead ? !
and We made on it high fortifying , and We gave you sweet water to drink
Decline is intended on this day for the denday !
go to what you used to deny .
goes to a shadow with three columns ,
which is neither shady nor protects against the flames
she throws with sparks like a tower
as if they were yellow camels .
Decline is intended on this day for the denday !
this is the day they don &apos;t
and they are not licful , that they may apologize .
Decline is intended on this day for the denday !
this is the day of judging .
We gathered you and the former
so if you have cunning , plan cunning against Me !
Decline is intended on this day for the denday !
certainly , the Muttaqi are now in shade and at
as well as with fruit of what they desire .
eat and drink whfor what you used to
certainly , in this way We reward the Muhsin .
Decline is intended on this day for the denday !
eat and have yourself a little , you are seriously missing .
Decline is intended on this day for the denday !
and when they are told , &quot; Ruku , they do not Ruku .
Decline is intended on this day for the denday !
to what word after him ( the Quran ) will they internalize the Iman ? !
what do they ask each other ? !
according to the tremendous communication ,
about which they are divided ?
certainly , no ! they will still know .
then certainly , no ! they will still know
We did not make the earth as a
and the mountains as pegs ? !
and We created you as duities .
also We made your sleep as a resting .
and WE made the night as a enveloping .
also We made the day as a time of life .
and We set up seven robust ( heaven ) .
also We made a bright lamp .
and WE dropped of rain clouds abundant running water ,
so that We may sproeals and plants sprout with him
as well as densely grown jannat .
certainly , the Day of Judging is a fixed time ,
on the day is blown in As -@ sur , and you come into
and heaven is opened , and it is full of gates ,
and the mountains shall pass away , and they become Fata Morgana .
certainly , Jahannam is a wait ,
for a place of return for the transgresers .
they dwell in time periods .
they taste neither cool nor drink
except the iling and pus .
it is a corresponding retaliation .
certainly , they did not hope for any b
and denied Our Ayat with denial .
and We recorded everything in detail in a register .
so costs ! We will then only increase you in punsing .
certainly , for the Muttaqi there is a place of profit :
Gardens and
as well as the same
and filled cups .
they hear neither senseless talk nor lies
it is a reward from your Lord , a sufficient gift ,
To the LORD the ens , the earth , and that is between them , the All-grace instrucing ; they have not to speak to Him .
on the day when the glory and angels are in turn , they do not speak except the one whom the Mercy allows lows instrucer , and says right things .
this is the true day . so he oever will return to his Lord .
certainly , We warned you of a near punishment on the day when man looks what he presented himself , and the Kafir says , &quot; I would only have been earth ! &quot;
with the most thoroughly moving out !
with those taking out with careful removal !
with the floating floating ,
then the leader in the race ,
then regulthe matter !
on the day when the quake trembles ,
then follow the addicts ,
the hearts on this day are full of
their eyes are lowered with
they say , &quot; we are certainly returned to the previous state ,
even after we became modern bones ? &quot;
they said , &quot; This is certainly a loss-sy reversal . &quot;
it is only a c
they are immediately on the flat
were you given the message about Musa ? !
when his LORD called him in the purified Tuva , -@ valley ,
go to Pharaoh . for surely he crossed the border
so say , &quot; you want you to purify ,
and that I guide you to your LORD , and you will be awesome ? &quot;
then he showed him the great A
so he denied and resisted ,
then he turned his back and
so he ( the people ) and called
then he said , &quot; I am your high LORD . &quot;
then ALLAH besieged him with the hard punishment for the last and first .
certainly , in ein is a teaching for everyone who is awesome .
are you more difficult in creation or heaven
he set him up ,
he increased his thickness , then He paved
and He darkened his night and He brought his dawn .
and the earth after that He extended .
he brought her water and her pasture out of her .
and let the mountains
as a consumables for you and for your An &apos;am .
when the great catastrophe comes ,
on this day man remembers what he sought
and hell was brought forth for him who sees .
so regard to the one who crossed the border
and preferred earthly life ,
so hell is the shel
and concerning the one who fears the idea of his Lord , and contained the soul of affection ,
so the Janna is the accommodation .
they ask you about the hour : &quot; When is their departure ? &quot;
and what do you have to do with their mention ?
with your LORD is the last over them .
you are just a warner for those who has aence for her .
as if they see , they did not stay except one night and their dawn .
he frowned his forehead and his back ,
when the blind man came to
and what do you know , maybe he will purify ,
or remember , so then the memory benefits him .
with regard to the who renounces it ,
you meet
and it is not up to you if he does not purify .
and concerning the one who comes to you who strives
while he is awesome
you neglect
certainly , no !
certainly , it is an admonition -
so who wants , remembers
on appreciated leaves ,
which are lifted and cleaned ,
with hands of ambassadors ,
who are worthy , kind -@ obedient .
Death be to man as kufr -@ he is .
from what He created him ? !
from Nutfa He created him , then He determined him ,
then He facilitated the way for him ,
then He let him die , then He had him buried ,
then when He wants , He makes him awaken .
certainly , no ! he did not do what He commanded him .
so man shall look at his
certainly , We had the water pour in casting ,
then We torore the earth in cracks ,
then We let to grow on their cereals
as well as vines and vegetables ,
and olive trees and date palms .
and densely overgrown gardens .
and fruit
as a consumables for you and your An &apos;am .
and when the deafening cry comes ,
on the day when the man flees from his brother .
as well ( before ) his mother and his father
and his companion and his children , and
for every man of them that day there is a matter that occupies him .
there are bright faces on this day ,
smiling with confidence .
and there are faces that day there is dust
some black covers them .
these are the Kufr operators committing the mist .
when the sun is wound ,
and when the stars disintegrate ,
and when the mountains are passed
and when the pregnant camels are neglected
and when the wild animals are
and when the seas are lit / flooded ,
and when the souls ( with their bodies ) are paired
and when the alive buried girl is asked ,
for what misconduct it was killed , for
and when the leaves are unfolded ,
and when heaven is removed
and when hell is kindled ,
and when the Janna is brought close ,
then every soul already knows what it did
no , I swear by the stars
which are continuous , underground ,
and at the night when she brings up the darkness ,
and in the morning when he is
surely , he is the word of a noble messenger
who has strength and prestige among the one of Al &apos;ahrsch , who
Obedience is placed to him and he is trustworthy .
and your companion is not disturbed .
and certainly he saw him on the clear horizon
and he is not abstinwith the hidden ( Wahy ) .
and he is not the word of a damned Satan !
where are you go ? !
he is certainly only an admonition for creation ,
for those of you who wants to behave straightforward .
and ye will not , except that Allah will , The Lord of all creation .
when the sky split
and when the stars are scattered
and when the seas are blown up ,
and when the graves are du
then every soul already knows what it presented and pushed
you , man !
what deceived you in your genergenerous
who created you , then ked you , then raised you up
in every form that He wanted , put you together ? !
certainly , no !
but you deny the
and surely over you are preserved ,
who are venerable
they know what you
Certainly , gooddness -@ obedience are in well-being .
and surely , those publicly pass the decconduct are in hell .
they are thrown into them on the day of Din ,
and they will never be absent from her .
and what do you know what the day of Din is ? !
then , what do you know what the day of Din ?
on the day when no soul can anything for a soul , and the matter is subject is subject to .
Decline is the decaueiating at measuring ,
those if they let themselves be measured by men , take beyond the measure ,
and if they measure them or weigh them , diminish .
they do not think that they are awakened
to a huge
when men rise up for the Lord of all creation ?
certainly , no !
certainly , the register of the public the misconduct is after all in Sidsch sky -yjin !
and what do you know what Sidsch is -@ dschis ?
it is a sealed / marked
Decline is on this day for the deniers ,
those who deny the Day of Din .
and denies him only every missing cross-border .
when Our Ayat was told him , he said , &quot; These are the legends of the former .
certainly , no ! but their hearts came over what they used to
certainly , no ! surely they are shielded from their Lord on that day .
then surely they are thrown into Jahannam
then they are told , &quot; This is what you used to deny . &quot;
certainly , no ! certainly , the register of goodtig -@ Obedience is in &apos; Illiyin ,
and what do you know what &apos; Illiyin is ,
it is a sealed / marked
which the loved ones testify .
Certainly , goodtig -@ obediare in well-being .
they are on loungers , they look .
you recognize in their faces the rays of well-being .
they are given to drink by a pure aroma drink ,
whose aroma is from musk . and in it the comphave to compete ,
and its mixture is of tasniem ,
a spring from which the loved ones drink .
certainly , those who committed serious misgreseds to make fun of those who internalized the Iman .
and as they passed by them , they winked each other .
and when they returned to their families , they returned joyfully .
and when they saw them , they said , &quot; Surthese are erring .
and no guards were sent over them .
So on this day , those who internalized the Iman make fun of the Kafir .
they are on loungers , they look to :
&quot; was the Kafir rewarded for what they used to do ? &quot;
when heaven tears
and becomes all ear to his weh , and it is up him
and when the earth is
and throws out what is in her and renounces it ,
and becomes all the ear of her LORD , and is up to her ,

surely , you are a exhausting to your Lord with effort which you will meet .
therefore with regard to the one whom his register is given with his rights ,
so he is subjected to a slight billing , so
and will return to his family happily
and as to the one whom his register is given from behind his back ,
so he will call for destruction ,
and thrown into heat
Certainly he was happy in his family .
certainly he thought that he did not return
yet , for sure ; surely his LORD was seeing upon him .
no , I swear by the
and by the night and what she brings together ,
and at the moon when it becomes
you will rise from one state to another .
why do they not internalize the Iman ? !
and when the Quran is presented to them , they do not perform breurt .
no , but those who have operated Kufr deny
and ALL knows better about what they are aware of .
so bring them the &quot; joynews &quot; about a painful punishment ,
except for those who internalized the Iman and pleasing to God , for whom a never-ending reward is destined .
in the sky of constell
and at the threatened day ,
and with the witness and testified ,
Death is the companion of the dit
the fire in it is with fuel ,
when they sat around it
and they are witnesses about what they do with the mumin , .
and they disapproved of them nothing but that they internalized Iman of Allah , the Worworthy , The Most worthy ,
to which the reign of the heavens and the earth belongs .
and ALLAH is witness above everything .
Cerely , for those who expose the momin -@ men and momin -@ women of Fitna , then do not regret , the punoning of Jahannam and the punoning of burning is determined .
Indeed , for those who have internalized the Iman and done good to God , Jannat destined who are crossed by rivers .
surely , the violence of -dodoing of your LORD is violent .
certainly , He is the one who lets begin and return .
and He is The Forgigiving , The Extremuter Loving ,
that of the magnificent Al &apos;ahrsch ,
the all-worker of what He wants
you were given the message about the soldiers ,
about Pharaoh and Thamud ? !
no , but those who have operated Kufr are in denying .
and ALLAH is all-encompassing in front of them .
no , but he is a glorious Quran , but
on a well-kept table .
at the sky and At -@ tariq
and what do you know what At -@ tariq is
it is the radiant / high star .
over every soul there is undoubtedly a preserperson .
so man shall see what he was created from
it was created from cast liquid ,
which comes out of between backbone and ribs
certainly , He is able of bring back ,
on the day the innermost is checked ,
then there is neither power for him nor standing for him .
in heaven with return
and at the earth with tearing !
surely , he is a word
and he is not inneernity .
certainly , they plan cunning
and I counter their cunning
so grant the Kafir postponement , give them short postponement !
praise the name of your Most preme
the one who created and then copked
and the one who determined , then guided ,
and the One who forth the opposite
and He then made it a green-black dried up .
We will have you recited , so do not forget .
except what Allah wants . surely He knows the manifest and what is hidden .
and WE easily lead you to the easier .
so adhort when the exhortation benefits .
it will be admonished the one who has awe
and she avoids the most happy
the one who is thrown into the greatest fire ,
then neither dies in it , nor lives .
already successful is the one who puri
and rememberof the name of his LORD , then performed the ritual prayer .
no , but you prefer earthly life .
but the hereafter is better and more lasting .
certainly , this is in the first writings ,
the letters of Ibrahim and Musa .
were you given the message about the enveloping ? !
there are faces humble on this day ,
working , exhausted ,
they are thrown into a very hot fire
they are soaked from a boiling source .
for them there is no food except dried thorn
that neither nourishes nor satisses hunger
there are faces on this day
satisfied with their aspirations ,
in a high Janna .
you don &apos;t hear senseless talk
in it there is a flowing source .
in it are raised loungers
and provided
and lined pil
and distributed car
do not look at the camels as they were created
and to heaven , as he was lifted ,
and to the mountains as they were
and to the earth as it was spread
You are only an admonder ,
you are not a have of them
except the one who turned his back and operated Kufr
ALLAH will then torhim with the greatest punsing .
certainly , to Us is their return ,
then certainly , we are responsible for their settlement .
at dawn
and on ten nights , and
and by the straight and the strastraight ,
and at the night when she
is there an oath to one with a mind ? !
you did not see as your LORD did to &apos; Aad ,
those of Iram with the highghts ,
unparalleled in the countries ,
as well as with Thamud , those who carattered the rock in the valley ,
as well as with Pharaoh of the pyramids
those who crossed the border in the cities ,
then in it increased ruin ,
then your LORD poured upon them a mixture of punishment ? !
surely , your LORD is awakening .
therefore with regard to man , when He tests him and gives him dignity and benefit , he says , &quot; My Lord gave me dignity . &quot;
and concerning this , when He tests him and his riq little to him , he says , &quot; My LORD humbled me . &quot;
certainly , no ! but you do not dignity the orphan
and you do not inspur to the food of the needy ,
and you consume the inheritance in complete consume ,
and you love the wealth in great love .
certainly , no !
when the earth is crushed in crunding after crunding ,
and thy LORD , and the angels came up in ranks ,
and on that day Jaham is brought , that day man remembers , and how shall the memory benefit him ?
he says , &quot; I only have presented something for my life ! &quot;
so on that day tormented like His punoning no one ,
and captivates like His shackles .
you , the already finding soul !
return to your Lord satisfied and satisfied ,
then among My servants
and enter My Janna
no , I swear by this city
and you live in this city -
and with the witness and what he has begotten
certainly , We already created man to effort .
does he think that no one overwhelms him ? !
he says , &quot; I consumed accumulated assets . &quot;
does he think that no one saw him ? !
We didn not make him
as well as tongues and two lips
and did We guide him both ways ?
so he did not climb Al- &apos; aqaba .
and what do you know what Al- &apos; aqaba is ? !
it is the liberation of an nonfree
or the feeding in one day of great famine .
of an orphan of kinship
or a needy of great distress .
then he was of those who internalized the Iman and admonished each other to patience and exmonted each other to mercy .
these are the companions of the right .
and those who have operated our Ayat towards Kufr are the companions of the evil Om
above them is closed
at the sun and its rays ,
and at the moon when he follows
and the day when he made them visible , and
and at the night when she envelops her ,
and by heaven and Him Who who established him ,
and by the earth and Him Who spread them
and with the soul and the Him who ked them ,
then she her both Taqwa , -@ Loessness and Taqwa ,
already successful is the one who keeps them pure ,
and already lost the one who coverealed them ( with Taqwa oth -@ Loessness ) .
Thamud denied because of their crossing ,
when her blireterman left ,
then ALLAH messenger told them : &quot; ( leave the female camel of ALLAH and ( avoids ) her potions . &quot;
then they accused him of lying , then they hurt legs ( the camel female ) , then their LORD destroyed them because of their misconduct , then He left it to them .
and He has no fear of their
at the night when it envelops ,
and on the day when he reveals himself ,
and by Him Who created the male and the feminine !
certainly , your aspiration is different .
so regarding the one who donated and acted according to Taqwa
and the beautiful ( Janna ) true ,
to this will make it easy to facilitate easier .
and as to the one who stinginated and renounced ( on the Din )
and the beauty
WE will make it easy to difficult .
and his wealth une do not benefit him when he goes on his ground .
certainly , we are responsible for the management .
and certainly , we include both the last and the first
so I warned you of a fire that bla
into which no one but the unhappy is thrown ,
the one who denied and turned his back .
and it is kept away from him the Muttaqi ,
who donates his wealth and keeps himself
and no one has with him with him to be paid
so only in the pursuit of his highest Lord .
and surely he will be satisfied
at
and at the night when she rests !
neither your LORD left you , nor is He averse to you .
and certainly the last one is better for you than the first .
and surely your LORD will give you , so that you are satisfied
did He not find you as an orphan , then He granted you security ? !
and He found you mistaken , so He guided you right .
and He found you poor , then He made you rich .
so with terms of orphan , so do not suppress !
and as to the petiying , do not ult !
and concerning the benefit of your LORD , speak about it .
We have not extended your chest ,
and took away your burden ,
who pressed your back
and increased your reputation ? !
therefore certainly there is a relief with the difficulty .
certainly , there is a relief with the difficulty .
so if you are relieved , stran yourself ,
and to your LORD , so dedicyouryourself sincerely .
at figs and olives ,
at the Tur -@ Berg of Sinin ,
with this safe
certainly , already created the man in best ,
then We returned him to the bottom of the
except those who have internalized the man and have done good pleto God , a non-ending reward is for them .
so what makes you deny the Din ? !
is ALLAH not The best judging of the judgments ? !
recite in the name of your Lord who created .
he created the man from &apos; Alaq .
recite , and your LORD is the most erable
who taught ( writing ) with the writing instrument ,
he taught people what he did not know .
certainly , no ! certainly , man trancrosses the limit ,
when he sees himself rich .
surely the return to your Lord .
how do you see the one who forbid
a servant when he does ritual prayer ?
how do you see it ? should he be
or Taqwa ?
how do you see it ? should he deny and turn his back ? !
did he not know that Allah ?
certainly , no !
if he does not stop , We will drag the forehead
Forehead hairs that are lying and missing .
so he shall call his union .
We will call the strict angels .
certainly , no ! do not listen to him , do Suth-and approach
certainly , We sent him down the night from Al ab-@ qadr .
and what do you know what Al , -@ qadr is -@ night is ? !
the Al itu-@ qadr sli-@ night is better than a thousand months .
the angels and praise shall be gradually revealed in her it with the consent of their Lord because of every matter .
She is Salam until the dawn of dawn .
those of the font owners who have operated Kufr , and the mschric will not let go until the clarity comes ,
an envoy of ALLAH who presents purified writtures ,
in which valuable chapters
and those to whom the Scripture was granted were not divided after the clarity had come to them .
and they were not commanded except that they serve Allah - sincerely in Din to Him as Hanif - perform the ritual prayer properly and pay the zakate ; and this is the Din of straightforwardness .
certainly , those of the scriowners who have operated Kufr , and the mschry are in the fire of Jahannam , they are eternal in it .
these are the worst of creatures .
certainly , those who have internalized the Iman and done good to God , these are the best of creatures .
their reward with their Lord is &apos; Adn fe-@ Jannat , which were crossed by rivers , in ein they are eternal , forever . Allah found pleasure in them and they are pleased with Him ; this is for the one who shows afor his Lord .
when the earth is shaken with its quake
and the earth brings forth its burdens ,
and man says , &quot; What &apos;s wrong with her ?
on that day she shares her messages
that your LORD gave her Wahy .
on this day men come out scattered , that their deeds may be shown .
So , whoever does the weight of a dun good will see it .
and whoever does the weight of a dust of evil will see it .
at the satterting race ends ,
then the spark : -@ Schlagenden ,
then the storush in the morning
then they swirled dust with it ,
then they entered the middle of the assembly !
surely , man is ungrateful to his Lord .
and surely he is a witness concerning it .
and surely , he is exuberant to the love of good .
he does not know if what is revealed by the graves .
and which is brought forth in the breasts ,
that their LORD is known about them in this day ?
it is Al ... -@ qari &apos;a .
what is Al fu -@ qari &apos;a ? !
and what do you know what Al , -@ qari &apos;a is ? !
the day people are like scattered moths ,
and the mountains are like plucked wool .
therefore with regard to the one whose weighed is difficult ,
so he has a pleasant life .
and concerning the one whose weighed is easy
so his mother is Hawiya
and what do you know what this is
it is a glowing
has distracted you ( the addiction ) for
until you have visited the graves .
certainly , no ! you will still know .
then certainly , no ! you will still know .
certainly , no ! you would dispose of the knowledge of certainty ,
you will surely know hell .
then you will see them as the certainty
then you day undoubtedly will be held accountable for the well-being .
at Al- &apos;asr !
certainly , man is in loss
except those who have internalized Iman , have done good pleto God , exmonished each other to the truth and exmonished each other to patience
Decline is offensive to everyone by evil slander , extremely offensive by facial expressions ,
who accumulated and repeatedly counted .
he thought that his fortune had immortalized him .
certainly , no !
he is thrown in Al , -@ hutama .
and what do you know what Al -@ hutama is ?
it is the kindled fire of ALLAH ,
that beats the hearts
certainly it is completed over them
on outstretched columns ( bound ) .
did you not see what your LORD did with the companions of the elephant ?
He has not let their cunning fail ,
and sent over them birds in swarms , and
which they threw with clay -@ stones ,
then they made like eaten leaves ?
because of the connection of Qura
their connection of the journey from winter and summer ,
and they shall serve the LORD this house ,
who fed them for starvation and provided security for fear .
do you know the one who denies the Din ? !
so this is the one who pushs away the orphan
and does not encourage to feed the needy .
therefore decline is the who of the ritual prayer ,
those who are caredless to their ritual prayer , who
those who operate Ri
and the utensils
certainly , WE gave you Al ? -@ kauthar ,
then make the ritual prayer for your LORD , and shit .
certainly , your slander is the one without a ancest.
say : &quot; You Kafir !
I do not serve what you serve , I
and you are not servants of Him whom I serve .
and I am not servant of Him what you have served ,
and you are not servants of Him whom I serve .
you are your Din and me is my Din . &quot;
when ALLAH &apos;s assistance and victory comes
and you see the people of Din of Allah entering droves ,
so praise with your Lord and ask Him for forgiveness ! surely , He is always extremely faithful -@ .
Desttermination be Abu : -@ lahab , destruction be to him !
did not him his fortune and not what he acquired .
he is thrown into a fire with
as well as his wife , the wearer of the wood ,
around her neck is a rope of palm
sag : &quot; he is ALLAH , only .
Allah is Ace -@ samad . Allah
never begestified ER and never was He begotten ,
and never anyone is equal to Him . &quot;
say ay : &quot; I seek protection from The Lord of Morwn
from evil of what He created
and before the evil of an darkened person when it breaks ,
and before evil the bubbles on the knots ,
and from the evil of an envy when he enends .
say ay : &quot; I seek protection from the LORD of men ,
with the ruler of men ,
with The Deity of
from the evil of the hidden whis
who whispers in the breasts of
from the Jinn and the people . &quot;
