this , because you have taken Allah &apos;s Ayat momockckand life life life decdeceived ! so so day , neither neither they out out of ( fire fire , nor nor they be satisfied .
then all praise praise be to Allah , to the the of heavens , and the the of of earth , to the LORD of all creation .
and to Him belongs glory in the heavens and on earth earth and and He is The One , The WWise .
Ha . -@ mim .
the successive sending of Scripture is from Allah , the the One , the All-Wise .
We did not create heavheavens , the earth and and is between them except except except and and and set , and and those who who Kufufr are turning from what they were warned of .
Say &quot; &quot; you seen what you you pleliclicinstead instead of Allah ? show me what they created from the earth !
or do they have in in the heav? ? bring me a ture ture of this ( Quran ) or something something of of knowledge , you be be true . &quot;
and none one is ererthan than the who , instead of Allah , , , lication to what does does not not him until the day of Resurrection , and they are caredless to their supplication .
and when men are gathered , they will be enemies for them , and they shall be bing towards their service .
and when Our Ayat are presented to them as as ones , those who have have Kufufr tell the truth after they came to them : &quot; This is a clear magic . &quot;
or do they say , &quot; He invented him &quot; ? !
S: &quot; If I have have invhim , you would not be able to do anything for me before Allah !
he knows better what you blasphing about him .
Allah is a witness between me and you .
and He is The ForForgiving , The Mercicious . &quot;
Say , I I was a novelty among the messengers , and I do not know neither what what is done to me , nor with you .
I follow follow what I am as Wahy , and I &apos;m nothing but a clear warner . &quot;
Say &quot; How do you see it ? should he be from Allah , and you run him ufKufr . &quot;
and a witness of the children of Israel testified to his like , , then internalized alized man man you you rose arararrogangance , , , Allah not not not the the unun-@ going people .
and those who did Kufufsaid to those who internalized Iman : &quot; If he had were good , they they not not precedus to him . &quot;
and since they found no guidance through him , they will say , &quot; This is an old Ifk --@ lie . &quot;
and before him the scripture of Musa was an Imam and a grace ; and this is a affirmative scripture in Arabic , that he he warn those who who iniququ, and be a joglad news for the Muhsin .
Certainly , those who said , &quot; Our Lord is Allah , &quot; then have strastraight, , there is neither fear about them , nor will they be sad .
these are the companions of Janna , in they they remain forever as retribution for what they used to do .
and WE instrucman man to prove Ihsan san his san ; his mother was pregnant with him him him and and birth birth to him in him .
and ( the time ) of pregnancy with him and his weaning is thirty months .
then when he reached his maturity and became forty years old , he said , &quot; My LORD !
Give me that I gratgratankfully to Your essing essing U U U U granted me and and my parents , and that I do good good good good , , U U U U pleased and and grant grant grant God good good with my descspring !
yes ! I regretted of You and certainly I am from the Muslims . &quot;
These are those ones of WE accept the best of what they did did and look look their their odeds eds eds with the companaries of Jaries .
and the one who told his parents , &quot; Pfui for you !
you promise me that I will be brought forth , and the generations have passed away before me . &quot;
and both call ALL for help and say , &quot; Your decline !
Inalize Iman ! Allah &apos;s promise is certainly true . &quot;
then he says , &quot; This is nothing other than the legends of the former . &quot;
these are the ones against them them was right was said , under Umam , who passed passed before them , of the jinn and the men .
and for both there are positions for what they did , and He will will reward them them their eds , and and they be be be done ongthem .
and on the day when those who have done out ufufr are subjto the fire fire &quot; &quot; have consumconsumyour Tay ay yyiibat in your life life life and and enjoyed it , , you you of of of ilithe of of of for you because how how you you to to rise rise rise ararrorogangance , and of how how you to to do Fisq . &quot;
and mention the brother of &apos; Aad when he warned his people Al Al --ahahaf af , and the the ners passed passed before him and behind him : &quot; nothing nothing but but ! ! yes I I fear for you the torof of a ighty day . &quot;
they said , &quot; Did you come us to stop us from our gods ?
then bring us what you threus , you should be of the truthful . &quot;
he said , &quot; Knowledge is only with Allah , and I proclato you what I I been sent , but I see you as people who are ignorant . &quot;
and when they saw it as a cloud of rain moving over their valleys , they said , &quot; This is a cloud of rain that will rain upon us . &quot;
no , but it is what you have demanded hary , a wind with which is is painizing torment ,
he destroys all , with the instruction of his LORD .
then they became so that nothing other their dwellings dwellseen , and so We repreward the ely missing people .
and surely , We already established them in in which did not not you , and and We made , , eyes eyes , understanding understanding neither neither their hearing nor nor nor nor nor nor nor their their used them them them when ying denied Allah &apos;s AyAyand and and surrounded what they used to mock .
and surely , We already destroyed what is is you villages you you , and clarithe AyAyat that that they may ent .
and would have helped them by who who them them them them of of instead instead of Allah !
no , but they have lost them , and this is their Ifk k -@ lie and what they used to invent .
and when WE turned to a group group the Jinn listening listening to the Quran , and when they were present with him , they said , &quot; Listen ! &quot;
and then , when it was stopped , they returned to their people as warning ones .
they said , &quot; Our people !
Certainly , we heard a scripsent sent to MusMus, confirming ming what was before before , , it to to the truth and to strastraightforward way .
Our people ! follow Allah &apos;s Da &apos;wa wa ---ators and interninternthe the man to Him . He forgives you your your gressions and protects you from agonizing torfication .
and whoever does not follow Allah &apos;s Da &apos;wa wa -dododoes not not ( ) on earth on earth , and he has no Wali instead of Him .
did they not see that Allah Who created the heavheavens the earth earth did not tired tired of their creation creation omomnipotence to revive the dead ?
yet , with certainty ! Certain, He is is ninipotighty all things .
and on the day when those who have done out ufufr are subjto the fire , &quot; is not not the truth ? &quot; they said , &quot; &quot; , for ely , with our Lord ! &quot;
he said , &quot; so learn the cleanment for what you used to do about Kufr . &quot;
be patient patient ululululazm m patipatifrom the the , , and do not no hurry with them .
for them , it is the day when they see what threatened threatened threatened , as if they have not stayed for more than an hour during the day .
this is a message . are others other than the fisq q -@ operating people ? !
To those who operated Kufufr and held from Allah Allah &apos;s way , He let their actions be lost .
and to those who have alized good man man have have good good man , and and internalized Iman to that which was revealed revealed Muhammad and and it is truth truth truth their their LORD He rereout their their eds eds eds eds , and improved their situation .
This is those who who who Kufufuffollowed who nvdeclared , , and who who alized alized Ifollowed followed followed True from Lord Lord , so Allah Allah shapes their parables to men .
he will guide them and improve their situation .
and He will let them enter enter JJ, , He made known to them .
you who have internalized the Iman !
when you stand Allah , , He He will with you and and ens your feet .
and for those who have operated Kufuf, there is decay , and He let their actions be lost .
this , because they were alined to what Allah sent sent , , He destroyed destroyed their actions .
have they not gone around on earth , that they may see how the the of of them was before them ?
Allah dropped over them , and for the same for ir Kare ir .
this , because Allah is certainly The Maula of those who who alized the Iman , and there is certainly no Maula for the Kafir .
Certainly , Allah who those who have internalized Iman and and plepleasing good good JJannannat at have through rivers rivers rivers and and who who who ufufufufhave have and and eat as the An &apos;eat eat , and the fire is a ode for them .
and how many villages that were even even mthan than your , which which ve you you , destroyed destroyed destroyed ; so there is no side for them .
is the one who has clfrom from his LORD , like the one whom the made of of his his was done beautiful ? but they followed their inclinations .
( is example ) parable of the Jpromised promised to the Muttaqi - it are rivers with perishishable , , rivers with milk whose taste never changes , rivers with the drinking tatasty wine , and rivers with filtered honey .
and for them there are ein ein of all the fruits and forforgifrom their their , , that that ababeth eth fire fire fire ? and they were were aked with with boiling , , it tore their intestines .
and among them are some who listen to you , then after they had left you , they said to those who were given the knowledge , &quot; What did he say earlier ? &quot;
these are the ones whose hearts sealed Allah . and they followed their inclinations .
and those who found guidance increased increased guidance and granted them their Taqwa .
are they waiting for other than the hour that it to suddenly come to them ?
So their signs their signs . and how will they remember when they ( the hour so ) comes to them ? !
so find by by knowledge that there is certainly no deity except Allah , and please forforgiveness for your misand and for the umumum— -@ men and mumin in -@ women ! and and knows your your around and your ter .
and those who internalized the Iman say , &quot; a sura would be sent down ! &quot;
and when a clear sura was sent down and the it was mentioned in it , you saw those whose whose hearts is silook at like the stardity of the one who becomes unconscious during dying .
so decline is close to them !
Obedience and approved word ( is better for them ) , and if the matter becomes serious , they would become truthful to Allah , this would be better for them .
would you take responsibility , you , cause cause destruction on earth and break kinkinties ?
these are those who cursed Allah , , He made them deaf and blinblind their eyes .
don &apos;t they think about the Quran ? ! or are there castles on ( some ) hearts ? !
Certainly , to those turned turned backs backs after guidance guidance become visible to them , Satan makes it easy for them and made hopes for them .
this , because they were certainly alined to those who ato to what Allah sent sent down , &quot; We will obey you in some of the matter . &quot; and Allah knows their secrets .
and how are they angels angels in in in , , they strike their faces faces and their backs ?
this , because they what provprovoked oked wrath of Allah , and they were aalined His His , , He He their their decdecayed .
or did those whose hearts hearts is thought that Allah will never produce their resentment ?
and if We wanted it , certainly would would have shown you , you you surely surely surely them by their features , and you you them by the the t with what has been said .
and know your actions .
and WE will examine you , that that may may may the had who among among among and who who who patipatipati, and and may may examine your affairs .
Certainly , those who operated Kufufr from from Allah &apos;s &apos;s way and resistthe Messenger Messenger Messenger after guidance guidance visible them them harm harm harm noness ness ness ness and He will will destroy their actions .
you who have internalized the Iman !
Obey Allah Allah and obey the Messenger and and not let your actions your void !
Certainly , those who operated Kufufand and them from Allah &apos;s way then died while they were Kafir , Allah will never forgive them .
so not not and call for reconciliation , and you are the the ! ! and Allah is with you , and He He surely never diminish your actions .
the life thly life is only nonchief chief --and and and ! ! and you interninternthe man man TaTaqwa , he will you you your reward and does not demand your wealth from you .
and if He asks for it , and then go with you to the border , you will be y , and He will bring forth your resentment .
you are called called donate fi --@ sabilillah , and among you there are those who be sty .
but whhoever sting, is only inginged against himself .
and Allah is The absolute car and you are the poor .
and when you turn your backs , He exchange for other people , they will not be unequal .
Certainly , We made you win a clear victory ,
that Allah may forgive you what what happen and still happen your your , , His His His His , , guide you on a straforward forward .
and help you with a worthy victory .
He is the One who sent down down down down hearts hearts hearts the the umso to win more IIto their man man . and and belong the the the of the heavheavand the earth , and Allah is omomniscient , Wise .
He will , the mumin in -@ men and the the umumin Jannannannannannat rivers rivers rivers rivers as as in in , , and and and their their their d-d-eds eds eds eds and this is always a tremendous success at Allah .
and He will be the Munafiq --men men and the Munafiq --@ women and the Mu-rimen men and the Muschrik ---women who think about ALL the bad thinking .
and Allah anangry them , cursed them , and prepared Jannam for them , and she is pathetic as becoming .
and Allah belong the the ants of the heavens and the earth . and Allah is always an, , , ise .
Surely We sent you witwitnesses , bearof good news and warner ,
so that you internalize the Iman to Allah and His Messenger Messenger , help Him Him , orioriHim Him and oripraise Him after sunrise and before sunset .
Certainly who who you you BaBa&apos;&apos;&apos;actually actually BaBa&apos;&apos;&apos;Allah Allah Allah Allah Allah affms ms shsh; ; ever ever ever breaks breaks breaks only against against , whwhwhoever ever what what he has has himself to Allah , will grant him a huge reward .
the left behind from the desert desert ans will tell you : &quot; &quot; Our our our families and our us , please for forgiveness giveness ! &quot;
they say with their tongues what is not in their hearts .
Say &quot; Who has something of Allah for you if He wants wants harm to you , or wants useful for you ? &quot;
no , but Allah is all-ledgeable of what you do .
no , but you thought that the Messenger and the mummy will never return to their families , and this was made beautiful in your hearts , you have thought the bad thinking , and you were lost people .
and whoever does not internalize the man to Allah and His messengers , We We happy heat for the Kafir .
and Allah belongs the domindominof the heavens and earth earth ; forforgives forpleases ases , and He torfies who plepleases . and Allah is always forgiving , gracious .
the left behind will say , &quot; If you go to the the ors ors to take them , let us follow you ! &quot;
ALALsaid said ted . &quot; then they will say , &quot; no , but enenvy us . &quot;
no , but they did not to understand except a little .
say to the left behind from the desert desert ans : &quot; You are called to people of violent violent violence you fight fight them or they become Muslims .
and when you obey , Allah grants you a a reward , and when you turn your your back as you have your your back , , He goes a painizing torment . &quot;
neither is the blind it it for a mis, , nor the the ame ame is for a mis, nor nor it the a it for for the . . whwhoooys ys ys ys Messenger Messenger Messenger will will will enter enter Jann, at at through rivers rivers rivers rivers whand ever ever his his , , tortortora a agonful torment .
Certainly , Allah is is satisfied with the umum, when they they BaBaBai a a under tree tree , then knew knew what in in hearts hearts , then sent sent sent the of rest upon and rewarwarded with a a victory victory
and many prey ors they will take . and and Allah is always worthy , , wise .
Allah promised you many prey epers you you , , He He accelerthem them and held held the hands of the back from you , and that this may become an Aya for the mummy .
also others ( promised promised you ) , over whom you had no power , which already already knows all enen, , and Allah is always omnipotighty about everything .
and if those who had Kufufr fight against you , they would turn turn their backs , , they will find neither Wali nor others .
this is Allah &apos;s action that has already been applied , and you will not find a deviation from Allah &apos;s actions .
and He is the one who held held their hands from you , as as your hands hands them them midmidst st the MakMakah the -valley valley after after had had you prevail over them .
and Allah is always looking about what you do .
they are the ones who operated Kufufand and held you from Aljjidil l -@ haram and prevented the sacrificial animals from reaching their destination .
and if there not be mumin in -@ men and and umumin --@ women - you do not not know who would would down down knowledge knowledge knowledge then then you because them them them them ( ( ( not hold hold your hands from them them ) , that Allah may may His His grace grace He pleases .
and if they had separated separated , we would certainly have subjected who ufufufufufufufa painful ufr .
( and remember ) , when those who who Kufufufheld their their hearts their their , pride the pride pride of of the , , , Allah Allah sent sent sent rest from down Him His Messenger Messenger and the the ummy in in engaged them to the word of the Taqwa , and they were more right to it and were his people .
and Allah is always omniscient about everything .
Certainly , fully fully fully fully fully fully fully fully to of . . . will will , , , , a --allall, , Aljjidil --harharam , safely with avavheads heads or with short cut ( hair ) .
not you not be afraid , and He knew what you do not know , then He made a made victory near victory .
He is the One who sent His Messenger with the guidance and the Dof truth , so that He may may surpass pass all , , and Allah is sufficient as a witness .
Muhammad is Allah &apos;s Messenger enger ! and those with him are hard against the Kafir , merciful among themselves .
you see them as Ruku &apos; and SuSuleaders , , they ve ve favor of Allah and pleasure .
their characteristics are in their faces from the Sujud j-@ effect .
This is their parable in At --@ taurat , as as as as parable in the AlAlshil . is like like a plant that ve ve its ots , , then strengthened strengthened them , they they became , , they they stood on their stst, , deldelthe ssow, that that He excexcthe the the ir afir .
Allah promised forgiveness and huge reward to those of who have interninternIman and and plepleto God .
you who have internalized the Iman !
Do not preate Allah and His Messenger , and and TaTaqwa wa to Allah SurSur, Allah is Hearing , omniscient .
you who have internalized the Iman !
Do not raise your voices over the voice of the Prophet , and be not as loud to him with what has said as as of you are loud to others , otherwise your actions will be destroyed while you not not notice .
Certainly , those who dampen their voices before Allah &apos;s enmessys are those whose hearts hearts tested for the TaTawa wa for for forforgiveness and huge reward is destined .
Certainly , those who call you from beyond the Hujurat , most of them do not understand .
and if they had practiced patipatiuntil you come out to them , this would certainly be better for them , and and is is forgiving , gracious .
you who have internalized the Iman !
when a Fasiq comes to you with a message , make sure that you hhurt people by ignorance , and then you become repentant for what you have done .
and know that among you Allah Allah Allah Messenger Messenger . if if he listen to you many many the the affairs affairs you would suffer suffer inin. . but has has made love love man man and made made beautiful beautiful in in your , and and you you you or or the ufuf, q Fisq and the resistance resistance , are are the true sible .
it is a favor of Allah and benefit . and Allah is omniscient , wise .
and if two groups of the mumin fight fight , , rereconcconceach ! and and one one comcomtranstranstransgresgresthe other , , one one transtransuntil until until until to to &apos;s &apos;s &apos;s and and and she she , both rereconcile ile justice justice , and righterighte, , , Allah loves the righteous .
the mumin are siblsisters , so rebrothers your your reretogether , and and TaTaqwa wa to Allah , that grace may may shown to you .
you who have internalized the man ! ! men men should fun fun of ( ) men men - they they better better than them , women women ( ( ) women women - they they better better than them . and do not make each each and and give give give swedirty ! ! erable is FisFisFisq -@ after after after man man . and who who not not , , , are are injinjustice --@ decing .
you who have internalized Iman ! avoid most of speculating !
Certainly , some speculation is a misgres, and do not spspy , and one of you shall not commit Ghibah against the others !
may one of you dine by the flesh of his dead brother ?
so ye have abhorred it .
and acts TaTaqwa according to Allah ! Certainly , Allah is is delue --accepting , gracious .
you people !
Surely We created you from a male and a female , , made made you peoples and bes bes to to know .
Certainly , the most ified of you at Allah is the one with the most Taqwa .
surely , Allah is omniscient , omledgeable .
the desert guards said , &quot; We internalized Iman . &quot;
say ay &quot; You have not internalized Iman , but say , &quot; We became Muslims , &quot; but man man has not yet entered your hearts .
and if you obey Allah Allah and His Messenger , He does not ject anything your your actions actions SurSurtain, Allah is Forgiving , gracious .
the mumin are only those who internalized the Iman to Allah and His Messenger , then then no doubt , jijihad had their fortfortand and fi fi fi @ sabilillah , who are the truthful .
Say &quot; Do you want to teach Allah about your ine ?
and Allah knows what is in the heavens and what is on earth . &quot; and Allah is omniscient about everything .
they give you that to racing Islam .
Say &quot; Do not me me for for your Islam Islam Islam , , but Allah grace grace grace grace guide you to to man , you be be true . &quot;
Sur, Allah knows the hidden of the heavens and earth earth and Allah Allah is seeing what you do .
Qaf . at the magnificent Quran !
no , but they were amazed that a warner from them came to them , the Kafir said , &quot; This is something amazing !
when we died and became to earth , ( will we return ) ?
this is a return . &quot;
We already knew what the earth is away from them , and with us is a a ving Scripture .
no , but they denied the true when it came to them , they are in a confused situation .
have they not looked upon heaven above them , how We built and decorated him , and he has no cracks ?
and the earth ched earth , , and them them in them , and and sprosproupon it every every every ful du.
as insight insight -@ @ and and reminition for every reing servant .
and We gradually let water of of of of of from sky sky , let let let annat and and harvest gragragragrains .
as well as high date palms , which carry tutu-like fruit ,
as Rizq for the servants . and thus We lived a dead village .
denied denied have denied the people of Nuh , the inhabitants of Ar --@ rass and Thamud
as well as &apos; Aad , Pharaoh and the brothers of Lut
as well as the inhabitants of Al --@ aika and the people of Tubba &apos; all all accused the messengers of of ood , so was My threat was right .
We were overwhelmed with the first creation ? ! no , but they are in confusion before a new creation .
and certainly , We created created and and WE know what his soul whispers to him , and WE are closer to him than his carotid artery .
if ( him ) receive the two recipients sitting the right and left left .
he does not prona word without being supersupersupersuperpresent .
and the dazthing . -@ power of of death came truthfully ; this is what you were averse to .
and it was pushed in As . -@ sur . This is the day of threat .
and every soul came , with it a leader and a witness .
Certainly , you were already carcaress, , then we took your your cover from you , then your vision is sharp sharp .
and his companion said , &quot; This is what is with me . &quot;
&quot; Throw both both in Jannam every extremely ububborn Kufr in -annam ,
who was extremely good , , eedand and and tful ,
the one who joined another another eity besides besides Allah , both both him into into hard torment .
his companion said , &quot; Our Lord !
I didn &apos;t let him transgres, but he was far misray . &quot;
he said , &quot; Do not fight before Me , where I already sent you you threat threat .
the has never said is never changed with Me , and I am not an injustice of --@ adent to the servants . &quot;
on the day when We say to Jannam , &quot; Have you been full ? ! &quot;
and she says , &quot; isn there no more ? &quot;
and the Jah was brought closer to the Muttaqi without being far .
this is what you have been promised , for every preserving reversal ,
who had reverence the the the the and and with with reprepent heart .
&quot; Enter them with salam . This is the day of eternity . &quot;
for them it is ined what they want . and with us more even more .
and how many WE destroyed before them in generations who were even more violent violent violence than they , then they sought in the countries whether there was a escape .
Certainly , ein ein is an admonition for the one whom whom there was a mind or listlistened while he was witwitness .
and surely , We created created heavheavens , the earth , and is is between them them in six six y -yyam , and and not did no fto us .
be be patient what what they say say and praise praise praise praise of your LORD before sunrise and before sunset .
and in a part of the night praise Him Him and SuSud !
and listen the day when the call calls from a nearby place .
on the day when they truthfully hear the cry , this is the day of the emergence .
Suris is are who who reviand and die , and to us is us ,
on the day the earth breaks breaks them them as they they come , , this is easy easy gathering for us .
Surely know better better what they say , and you are not not ing about them .
so , with the Quran , exhort those who are afraid of My threat .
with the scattering scattering ,
then heavy heavy ,
then the moving in ease ,
then share the matter !
what is promised to you is true .
and surely the will will happen safely .
at the sky of cirways !
Certainly , you are of different views ,
is is taken from who was taken taken .
death to the liars ,
who remain carghtless in the depths ( of ignorance ) .
they ask , &quot; When does the day of Din happen ? &quot;
&quot; on the day when they are subjected to the Fitna the Fitna . &quot;
learn your Fitna !
this is what you used to call hahurry .
Certainly , the Muttaqi are in Jannat and at sources ,
they take what their LORD gave them them ; they they to be be before this sin .
they used to sleep a little from the night ,
and before dawn they asked for forgiveness .
and in their assets is a right for the bitter and the excluded .
and on earth are Ayat for the certainty — -@ aspaspiring
as well as within yourself . Do you have no insight ? !
and in heaven is your Rizq and what is promised to you .
by the LORD of heaven and earth ; surely it is true true true just as it is true , that you speak .
was you given the report about Ibrahim &apos;s appreciated guests ? !
when they came to him and said , &quot; Salam ( be with you ) ! &quot;
he said , &quot; Salam ( be with you ) , you unknown people ! &quot;
then he went to noticed to his noticed , then he came with a well-nourished calf ,
then he put it it to them , he said , &quot; Don &apos;t not eat ? &quot;
then he hid fear of them . They said , &quot; Do be afraid ! &quot;
and they brought him good news about an extremely knowing boy .
then his wife came in loud exuberance , slapped her face face and said , &quot; I am a barren old woman ! &quot;
they said , &quot; Thus said your LORD . surely surely is is Wise ise , The KnowKnow. &quot;
he said , &quot; What is your desire , you you engers ? &quot;
they said , &quot; Surely we were sent too ly missing people ,
that we may send stones of stones over clay ,
who are marked by your LORD for the moderless . &quot;
then We brought out who was in her of the mumin .
then We found in it only one house of Muslims .
and We left in her an Aah for those who are afraid of the agonizing torment .
and with Musa ( there was an Aya ) , when We sent him to Pharaoh with a clear proof .
then he turned to his protectors and said , &quot; ( he is ) a magician or mentally disturbed . &quot;
then We punished him with his soldiers , then We threw them into the river while he was rehenable .
and with &apos; Aad ( there was an Aya ) when We sent over them the barbarren wind ,
who leaves nothing of what he blew over without making it it crmented .
and with Thamud ( there was an Aya ) when they were told , &quot; Enjoy fun until a time ! &quot;
then they rose up over the instruction of their , , and the lightlightstruck them them they watched .
then they could not get up nor assist them .
as well as the people of Nuh before , certainly they were fisq q -@ operating people .
and We established heaven with strength , and certainly We are expanexpanding .
and the spread the earth . How beautiful are the eyes .
and of all things We created duties to remember .
&quot; So escape ed from Allah ! surely I am a clear warner for you before Him .
and use no other God besides Allah , surely I am a clear warner for you before Him . &quot;
In a way , to came them came came came them them without without saying , &quot; ( he is a magmagician or mentally disturbed . &quot;
Do they bequeathit to each other ? !
no , but they are passing people .
so turn away from them , for you are not rereachable .
and remember , because the memory uses the mummy .
and I created the Jinn and the men only to serve Me .
I don not want Rizq from them , and I do not want them to feed Me .
Certainly , Allah is The true abundant Rizq q -guarantguarantguarant, , with omompot, , The absolutely solid .
for surely for those who who wrong wrong a portion portion portion the share of their their , , , shall not not call to haste .
So those who who KufufufKufon on day day day threatened threatened .
at At . -@ tur !
the font written in lines ,
on a parchment .
at Al . -@ bait . -@ ilma &apos;mur !
at the high roof !
at the Masjur . -@ sea !
surely , the cleanof of thy LORD shall be done .
There is no defender .
on the day when the sky ccilland and forth in in ---------@ fluctuation ,
and the mountains moved .
so decline on this day for the denying ,
who play around in mischief ,
on the day when they are pushed to the fire of Jannam .
&quot; This is the fire you used to deny .
is this magic , or don &apos;t you see ? !
enter into it , then practice yourself patior or not not patipati, it is is same you you you you you you rewardo what you used to do . &quot;
Certainly , the Muttaqi are in Jannat and welfare ,
joice at what their LORD gave them , and their LORD protected them from the torfication of hell .
&quot; Eand and drink diolesbly for what you used to do . &quot;
they are leaning on matlined loungers . and WE let them marmarried with HurHur&apos; in .
and to who internalized Iman , and whose descendants them them with Iman , We their their endants endants and and We diminish ish them their their ings ; every every man is liable to what he acquired .
and WE provided them with fruit and flesh from what they desire .
they give each other cup , with which is sensenseless talk nor missing .
and serve serve their servants servants , who were like pearls kept in shells .
and some of them turned to others and asked ,
they said , &quot; Certainly , we to be be with with our families with our families ,
then Allah showed us grace and protected us from the cleanof of heat .
Certainly , we to to beHim licHim bebeforand and Sur, He He is Most Most Most , The Mercicious .
for you are neither a fortunvinteller nor a spiritual disturbecause because of the essing of your LORD .
or say , &quot; He is a poet where we waiting for a dubious end . &quot;
say , &quot; Just wait , for I am with you from those waiting . &quot;
or does their forbearance offer them this ? ! or are they transpassing people ? !
or say , &quot; He invented him ! &quot;
no , but they do not internalize the Iman .
so they shall bring a report of His like if they they trutrue .
or were they created by nothingness ? or were they themselves the creators ? !
or did they create the heavens and the earth ?
no , but they have no certainty .
or are they magazines the magazines of your LORD ? ! or are they the controllers ? !
or is there a ladder for them to listen about ? !
so their listener should come with a clear proof .
or do the daughters and the the sons sons belong to Him ? !
or do you demand reward from them if they are burdened by their commitment ?
or is the hidden with them if they write it ? !
or do you want to plan cunning ? !
so those who have operated Kufr are those against whom cunning is planned .
or is there a deity for them except Allah ? !
subhanallah about what they do about Schirk .
and when they see fragments falling from heaven , they say , &quot; These are are imposed clouds . &quot;
then leave them until they meet their day when they are slain .
the day day neither neither use use their cthem nor cthem .
and certainly , for those who wrong , there is a torment after this , but most do not know .
and practice patience to the command of your LORD , for you are under under Our supervision and and praise with the praise of your LORD when you arup ,
and on a part of the night praise Him , and after the fading of the stars .
at the star when it crashes !
your compande has not gone astray , nor has he follow a seduction .
and he does not speak by his own discretion .
it is just a Wahy that is given as Wahy .
taught of enormous forces ,
of intelligence , then he was just standing ,
while he was on the highest horizon ,
then he approached , then he went down ,
so it was ( as close ) as the distance of both archends or even closer ,
then he gave his servant as Wahy what he he given as Wahy .
the mind did not understand what he saw .
do you doubt him what he sees ? !
and certainly , he certainly saw him before
at the extreme Sidra ,
at this is the Jah of the accommodation ,
who come come to Sidra .
neither the the look , nor did he it .
Certainly , he he saw of the great Ayat of his LORD .
how do you see Al Al --@ lat and Al- &apos;uz ◀ -@ za
as well as the other Third Manat ? ! &quot;
is the male and being is the feminine ? !
this is certainly an unjust division .
it is only names you and your ancestors ors ors for which Allah sent down no evidence .
they only follow speculation and what the souls desire , and surely the guidance came to them from their LORD .
or does man what he wants ? !
so Allah belongs the last and the first .
and how many angels there there in heavheavens whose ccession is no no , , Allah Allah agrees es whom pleases ases and and pleased pleased with pleased .
Certainly , those who do not internalize the man man to the hereafter name the angels angels the naming of the feminine .
and they have no knowledge .
they only follow speculation . and speculation replaces the truth in nothingness .
so turn away from him who turns away from Our exhortition and wants the the of thly life .
this is their knowledge knowledge .
Surely your Lord knows better of the who strastrayed from His way , and He knows better of the one who found guidance .
and Allah belongs what is is in heavheavens and is is earth earth earth he will repay who who who who but but they they did , and He will ay those those who to those who the better .
It is those who avoid the severity of transgressions and abomomfrom the trifles es surely surely your is is assracing forgiveness .
He knows better about you than He made you come out of the earth , and when you were embryos in the bellies of your mothers , do not not praise your self !
he knows better about the one who acts according to Taqwa .
how do you see the one who turned away
and gave little little , then abstained ? !
if he has the hidden with him , so he see ? !
he was not told him about what is in the writings of Musa
as well as Ibrabrahim who kept ( ( commcommcommhim ) ? !
that no burdened soul carries the burden of another ,
and that man is only what he wanted ,
and that his striving shall be seen ,
then most most complete the most most complete alibution ,
and that your LORD is is final ,
and that He is the One laulaughed and weep ,
and that He is the One who die and reviven ,
and that He created the duality , the male and the female ,
from a Nutfa when poured ,
and that Him has the other revival ,
and that He is He who made rich and possess ,
and that He is the One One is LORD of AshAsh---schi &apos;ra ,
and that He destroyed the first &apos; Aad
and Thamud , then nothing else ,
as well as the people of Nuh before , certainly they used to be those who committed even more injustice and even more transgressions .
and the turned turned turned ,
so she covered what she covered .
Which of the benefits of your LORD do you about ?
this is a warning from the first warnings .
the approaching approached ,
for which there is nothing covering instead of ALL .
you are amazed at this report ,
laughs and cry ,
while you are fun in arrogance ? !
SuSufor for Allah and serve Him !
the hour drew and the moon split .
and when they see an Aya , they turn away and say , &quot; This is a lasting magic . &quot;
and they denied and followed their inclinations . and every matter has a end point .
and certainly , already came to them from the communications in which there was warning .
it is wisdom wisdom wisdom and and what are the warnings ?
turn from them !
on the day when the call calls for something disapproved -
their eyes are humbled , they come out of the graves as if they were blackwarming locusts ,
the Kafir say , &quot; This is a rather difficult day . &quot;
before them the people of NuNudenied , so they accused Our servants of falsehood and said , &quot; He is mentally disturbed and was possessed . &quot;
then he asked ted licto to his , , &quot; I am inferior , so stand stand ! &quot;
then We opened gates gates heaven heaven with oured water ,
and WE let springs spring spring the earth , then the water met for a matter that was already been determined ,
and WE had him carried on some of planks and nails .
it drove under Our supervision as retaliation for the one who used to run Kufr .
and certainly , We let let it as an Aya ! is there a remembering ? !
So how were My cleanoning and My adhitions ? !
and certainly tainWe did already facilitfacilitthe Qururfor exhortition .
&apos; denied ad denied . So how were My My and and My adhitions ? !
Certainly , We sent over them a cyirlthem on an omastous , lasting day ,
he pulled people out as if they were stumps of uprooted date palms .
So how were My cleanoning and My adhitions ? !
and certainly , We have facilitfacilitthe Qururfor exhort! ! is there a remembering ? !
Thamud denied the warnings .
then they said , &quot; About a follow a single person from us ?
Certainly , we are then in going ray and in torment .
was he given the exmonortfrom from among us ?
no , but he is a boastful liar . &quot;
they will know tomorrow who the boful liar is .
Certainly , We will send the camel female as Fitna na her , so wait for her and and even even more patience !
and tell them that the water is divided between them ; every drinking drinking is only for those present .
then they shouted their companates , then he took ( the sword ) , then he hurt their legs .
So how were My cleanoning and My adhitions ? !
Certainly , We sent a single cry about them , then they were like the stubbles for the stable owner .
and certainly , We have facilitfacilitthe Qururfor exhort! ! is there a remembering ? !
the people of Lut have denied the warnings .
Certainly , We sent over them a sandstorm except the family of Lut , who saved us from dawn ,
as a blof Us Us We We We rethe the one who ves ves grateful .
and certainly , already warned them of Our violence , then they doubted the warnings .
and certainly , they already sought to seduce him against his inclination and his guests , then wiwiped ished their eyesight .
So learn My cleanand My warnings !
and certainly , in the morning , in the morning morning a them them came to them .
So learn My cleanand My warnings !
and certainly , We have facilitfacilitthe Qururfor exhort! ! is there a remembering ? !
and certainly the warnings came to Pharaoh &apos;s people .
They all denied Our Ayat , then We punished them punpunishment of Almighty AlmpotOne .
are your kafir better than these ? !
or is there an innoof declaration for you in the scriptures ? !
or do they say , &quot; We are all vicorious together &quot; ? !
the collection will suffer defeat and turn his back .
no , but the hour is its appointment . and the hour is even worse , even more bitter .
Surely ly the the are are are in and and heat heat ,
the day they are dragged in the fire on their faces , taste the touch of Saqar .
Certainly , each thing WE created according to a provision .
and Our instruction is nothing more than a only one , like the moment .
and certainly , We already destroyed your followers . is there a remembering ?
and all they did is in the scriptures .
every small and is is written .
Certainly , the Muttaqi are in Jannat and on rivers ,
in a seat of the Truthful , by an almighty ruler .
the Allgnade Ingraent
taught the Quran ,
created the man ,
taught him articulate .
the sun and the moon are according to a calculation .
and the ground growth and the trees carry Sujud .
and He lifted heaven heaven and and Al Al -@ mizan :
&quot; does not commit transgressions to Al — -@ mizan
and keep the ( ( Al Al Al Al miziz) ) izjustice and and not diminish Al --@ mizan ! &quot;
and He earth the earth for living beings .
on it are fruits and date trees with calyxes
as well as grains with stalks and leaves .
So , which of the benefits of your Lord do you dendeny ?
he created man from salsal like sound
and created the jinn from smoeless fire .
So which of the benefits of your LORD do you deny ?
he is the LORD of both and and both West .
So which of the benefits of your LORD do you deny ?
he met both seas ,
there is a separation between the two , they do not mingle .
So which of the benefits of your LORD do you deny ?
from both pearls and corals .
So which of the benefits of your LORD do you deny ?
and He owns the built on the sea like the mountains .
So which of the benefits of your LORD do you deny ?
everything that is on her ( the earth ) passes away ,
and your LORD your LORD , y with majesty and dignity .
So which of the benefits of your LORD do you deny ?
He him ask by all who are in heavheavens and on earth earth every every aum He is is concerned with matters .
So which of the benefits of your LORD do you deny ?
We will do you , you people and Jinn .
So which of the benefits of your LORD do you deny ?
your group of jinn and people !
if you can penetrate the areas of the heavens and the earth , perpenetthem !
So which of the benefits of your LORD do you deny ?
he sends both flames of fire smoke smoke , , you cannot help .
So which of the benefits of your LORD do you deny ?
and when the sky split , red like red leather .
So which of the benefits of your LORD do you deny ?
so on this day neither a man nor a jinn inn quesasked about his conduct .
So which of the benefits of your LORD do you deny ?
the difficult ely are are known by their characteristics , , then dragged at the forehead hair and on the feet .
So which of the benefits of your LORD do you deny ?
this is Jamannam who deny the heavy missing .
they make the rounds in them ( Jannam ) and with boextremely with an extremely botemperature .
So which of the benefits of your LORD do you deny ?
and for those who is afraid of the imagination of his LORD , there are two Jah ,
So which of the benefits of your LORD do you deny ?
of trees .
So which of the benefits of your LORD do you deny ?
in which there are two sources that flow .
So which of the benefits of your LORD do you deny ?
in which there is duality of every Obstart .
So which of the benefits of your LORD do you deny ?
They are based on loungers whose inlett is from Istabraq , and the harvest of both jannat is near .
So which of the benefits of your LORD do you deny ?
in the two there are restrained ined the gaze , neither neither man nor nor nor inn inn inn flourished before them .
So which of the benefits of your LORD do you deny ?
as if they were like rubies and corals .
So which of the benefits of your LORD do you deny ?
is there another reward for Ihsan than Ihsan ? !
So which of the benefits of your LORD do you deny ?
and besides them are two Jannans .
So which of the benefits of your LORD do you deny ?
dark green .
So which of the benefits of your LORD do you deny ?
in them there are two sources that bubush .
So which of the benefits of your LORD do you deny ?
in them there are fruits , dates and pomegranates .
So which of the benefits of your LORD do you deny ?
in them are beautiful good .
So which of the benefits of your LORD do you deny ?
they are Hur — -@ beings who have withtreated in the tents .
So which of the benefits of your LORD do you deny ?
which neither a man nor a jinn flourished before them .
So which of the benefits of your LORD do you deny ?
based on green pillows and beautiful carpets .
So which of the benefits of your LORD do you deny ?
The name is is name name of Lord , , y with majesty and dignity .
when the event happens ,
there is no denfor its events .
it is dewering , lifting ,
when the earth is shaken with shaking
and the mountains are broken ashed with destruction ,
then they become flying dust ,
and you became three branches .
so there are the companions of the right . What are the companions of the right ? !
also the companions of the evil sign . What are the companions of the evil sign sign !
also there also those leaders who have the advantage ,
these are nearby
in the Jannat of welfare ,
a group of the first
and a little of the last .
they are on wewoven loungers ,
based on each other .
serve them eternal boys
with cups , jugs and drinking bowls from ( one ) wine source .
they do not get a headaches and they are not intoxicated .
and there are fruits from what they choose
as well as poultry meat from what they desire ,
as well as Hur- &apos; in ,
as if they were pearls preserved in shells ,
as a reward for what they used to do .
neither hear hear senselseltalk nor nor missing
except the word : &quot; Salam , salam ( be with you ) . &quot;
and the companions of the right . What are the companions of the right ?
they are among thoriled lotus trees
and adjacent acacia trees .
and ( they have ) a spread shadow
and cast water
and a lot of fruit ,
that neither ends nor forbidden ,
and upscale upholsterons .
We certainly let them rise in standing ,
Then We made them virgins
peers
for the companions of the right ,
a group of the first
and a group of the last .
and the companions from the left . What are the companions of the left ? !
they are in funny winds and boiling
and in black black shadow ,
neither cool nor useful .
Certainly , they were luxuring before this
and used to insist on the enormous conduct .
they also used to say , &quot; even if we died and became earth and bones , we are still awakened ,
our first ancestors ? &quot;
say : &quot; Certainly , the first and the last
are undoubtedly gathered for the appointment of a known day . &quot;
then you become denial aberers
certainly of trees of Zaqum ,
then do the bellies ,
then drink from boiling ,
then drink as drinking drinking thirsty sty sick camels .
this is their accommodation on the day of the Din .
We created you . You you believe believe !
how do you see what you pour in seeds ?
Are you the ones who create it , or are WE The Creator ? !
We determined death among you , and will will not not ,
that We exchange your ers and rise in what you do not know .
and surely you know know the first first urrection , you would remember !
how do you see what you soww ? !
Are you the ones who make it grow , or are it WE who makes it grow ? !
If We wanted it , certainly would would make it crcr, , you would not stop regregret :
&quot; Certainly , we are loss --suffsuffering suffering .
no , but it was withheld from us . &quot;
how do you see the water you drink ?
Are you the ones who drop it out of the clouds , or are WE the Sending ? ?
If We wanted , We would make it angry . you would be grateful !
how do you see the fire you light ?
Are you the ones who created its tree , or are We the the ? ?
We did it as adreminder and consumer goods for the wanderanders .
praise praise the name of your own LORD .
so I swear by the phases of the stars ,
and certainly , it is undoubtedly a tremendous oath , you would only know !
Certainly , he is a noble Quran
in a preserved scripture ,
that only the ones touch .
he is the successive sending from the Lord of all creation .
Are you hypocritical of this report ? !
and you prove grateful for your your Rizq for denying him ?
and would you brought the the soul ) when it reached her throat ,
while you are watching during this time .
and WE are closer to him than you . but you do not see .
and would would not be condemned ,
you would bring them back if you were truly .
and if he was to the nearby ,
then there is rest , grace and a Jah of well-being .
and if he was among the companions of the right ,
then Salam am to you from the companions of the right hand .
and if he was to the abdenial ,
then there is an accommodation from Siedendem
and throw into hell .
Certainly , this is the true certainty .
praise praise the name of your own LORD .
Allah prapraise all who are in the heavens and on earth , and He is is the , , The Wise .
The him the domindominof the heavens ens earth earth earth he enreviand and causes die and and He is omniighty ighty all things .
He is The always known , the always lasting , The the and and the One , and He is omniscient about everything .
he is the one who created the heavens and the earth in six Ay — -@ yam , then turned to Al &apos;ahrsch .
He knows what goes into the earth , what comes out of it , what descends from heaven and what what up to him .
and He is with you where you are .
and Allah is seeing what you do .
to him the dominion of the heavens ens earth earth . and Allah are subject to affairs .
he brings the night into into the day and and the day day into the night , and He is omniscient about that in the breasts .
internalize the man to Allah and and Messenger Messenger and gives of what He made you you ates .
for those of you who internalized and donated the Iman , a great reward is destined .
and why do you not internalize Iman to Allah , while the Messenger calls you to interninternthe man man your your ? ? He He has received received your vow , should you be mummy .
He is the One who sends his Ayat to servant servant , that He may bring you out of darkness darkness to the light and and and Allah is is is ent to you , gracious .
and why do you not give fi fi --@ sabililah lah , and Allah belongs the leglegacy of heavheavens and the earth ?
not equal is the one of you who donated and fought before taking ( ( MMca ca ( ( one who did not ) .
these have higher position than those who donated and fought .
and both promised the beauty .
and Allah is aware of what you do .
who is this one who gives Allah ( His ause ) a beautiful loan ? ! then He will multiply it . and and for him a noble reward destined .
the the day you see the mumin --men men and the mumin @ @ @ , , light light before them and and right right right : &quot; is is a news for for for today today annannannat lowed lowed rivers rivers as Eternal in it . &quot;
this is the tremendous success .
on the day when the Munafiq --men men and the Munafq q --@ women said to who who alized alized the man man &quot; &quot; Wafor for us that us to benefit benefit from your light , &quot; it is said , &quot; Go back back , then look for light . &quot;
then a dividing wall was built between them , which has a door inside inside inside is grace while while outside torfication .
they called , &quot; We en not with you ? &quot;
they said , &quot; Yes , with ty , but you left left to FitFitFit, waited ited and doub, , hopes hopes were deceived until Allah &apos;s instruction came .
and you deceieidecdeceiyou .
so neither you not receive a a replacement , nor by those who have operated Kufr .
it is your Maula . and becoming pathetic . &quot;
is it not yet time for those who internalized Iman that hearts hearts hearts reverto to Allah &apos;s membranmembranmembranand what what been revealed revealed the truth , and and they not not become those those whom the ScripScripture before , , then for for for for them , then their hearts harhard ?
and many of them are Fasiq .
Know that Allah certainly revianimthe earth after after death , We We explained explained AyAyAyAyso that you may understand .
Certainly , the donmen , the the women women and those who give Allah ( His His ause ) a Hasan --@ bond , , it multipmultiplied and for them a beautiful reward is destined .
and those who internalized Iman to Allah and His messengers are are the trutru, and the witnesses with their Lord ; they have their reward and their light .
and those who have operated Kufr and denied Our Ayat , these are the companions of hell .
Know that this life life life is only , , distrac, , je, , ptuamong among you and increase of wealth and children .
Then it dries ( the the of ) ) , and see it yellow yellow yellow , it becomes crcr, and and in afterafterafter there is hard cleanand and forgiveness of Allah and pleasure .
but this life &apos;s life is nothing but consumgoods of deception .
compete for for forgiveness from your , and a J, , whose breadth is the the breadof heaven heaven earth earth , it prepared prepared prepared for who who alized Iman man to and His Messenger Messenger is is is &apos;s &apos;s favor which which He to to him He pleases . and Allah is of immense favor .
neither is a calchief on earth earth , youryour, , without being in in a ture before before created it it surely , this is is light for Allah .
lest ye not mourn for what has escaped ed , and lnot rejoexcexcexcingly in what has been given to you .
and Allah does not love every important bouncer ,
those who sty and command people avinginess .
and whwho ever away away is Allah The The absolute car , , The All-All-One .
Certainly , We already sent Our messengers with the clear signs signs sent sent with them ture ture ture Al Al Al izizizizizthat that that men men men justice justice . and We We down down down in there there there fviolent violent violent violent and and for for , , and and thus thus thus who who who who who ( His His His His Messenger and His Messenger in secret .
and surely , We already sent Nuh and Ibrahim , and in their their seed be the prophprophood and the Scriptures .
So some of them are guided , and many of them are Fasiq .
Then We sent Our enengers ys in their footsteps and sent &apos; IsIsIbnbnu -@ @ yam am and him him Alindschil .
and We put in the hearts of those who followed him mercy mercy and grace and asasasthey they ented ented , which did not not them them except except the pursuof Allah Allah &apos;s pleasure but but they they not not as it desererve .
then We gave those reward reward to internalized Iwho were given Ireward , and many of them are Fasiq .
you who have internalized the Iman !
TaTawa wa wa according to Allah and internalizes the man man His Messenger Messenger then then grants grants you two tions tions His His grace , light light for you with you you go , and forgives self .
that the the of may know know certainty they they have power of of of Allah &apos;s favor , and that that is is subject to Allah He He them them them to whom pleases .
and Allah is of immense favor .
ALalready heard heard the of those who who disputed with you about her husband and complained about Allah , and Allah heard your dialogue .
Those of you who spoke their wives Zihar are certainly not their mothers .
and surely , they say something disdisof of of has said said and and and and and and , is is is is is --ting , all-vgiving .
and to those who ounced ounced their wiZZZar ar , take what what said said are KaffKaff) liberliberliberliberlibera a before before before touch touch touch in, , , you you be monmonished . and Allah is is ledgeable of what you do .
so if who cannot do do , he he for two consecutive months before before each ininately .
and whoever cannot , fefefesixty ty , , that you may interninternthe Iman to Allah and messMessenger .
and these are ALLAH &apos;s guidelines .
and for the kafir a excruciciment ment is is ined .
Certainly , those who oppose Allah and His Messenger were were down , as those were were down before them , and and already sent down clear Ayat .
and for the Kafir destdestding cleanis is intended .
on the day that they are all awakened , He will tell them them what they were doing .
Allah embbraed it in detail while they forgot it and and Allah is witness all all .
have you not perceived that Allah knows all that is in the heavheavens and on earth ?
There is neither a secret conversation of three , without being being fourth , nor of five , , without being sixth sixth sixth , of less than this this or more , , being being being them where where they are and He will will them them what they they did on the day of Resurrection .
Certainly , Allah is omniscient about everything .
did you not see those who were forforbidden the secret conversation , they they return return what what forforbidden bidden and secresecresecreabout about the , transgresgrestransgresof of the Messenger ?
and when they come to you , they greet you with what Allah Allah not gregreyou you and say within : &quot; Allah would torus us for what we say ! &quot;
Jannam is enough for them , they are thrown into it , so so is is erable .
you who have internalized the Iman !
If you are confidentially , do not confidenticonfidenticonfidentiabout the the , transgresgresgresand contracontraof the and and confidenticonfidenticonfidentially about good kind and the Taqwa !
the secret conversation is only from Satan , so that you may make ad alize the who internalize ad ad ad but but will will harm harm harm anything except Allah &apos;s &apos;s consent . and the umumakTaakakakkwakkul .
you who have internalized the Iman !
if you are told , &quot; Make room while sitting ! &quot; then make room ! Allah may make you make room .
and when you are told , &quot; Arise , , arise arise Allah Allah exexof of of of who who alize man man and and and have been knowledge the knowledge .
and Allah is aware of what you do .
you who have internalized the Iman !
if you want to talk confidentially to the Messenger , give a sadaqa before your confidential conversation !
this is better for you and purer .
and if you are not do , surely , , Allah is Forgiving , gracious .
Are you afraid to admit Sadaqa before your confidential conversation ?
and if you do not do it - and Allah already accepted your reprepance , , perform perform the ritprayer prayer , pay the Zacat and and obey Allah and His Messenger !
and Allah is aware of what you do .
didn &apos;t you see those who took people who anananangry when Wali ? !
they are neither of you nor of them , and they swear by the lie as they know .
Allah prepared them a painizing purithem , certainly it was bad what they used to do .
they took their oaths as a shield , then they stopped from from Allah &apos;s way , so humding ding cleanis destined for them .
Neither their wealth nor their children will will anything anything before Allah ; who are the companions of fire , they remain thertherforever .
On the day He He awakens all all , they they swear to Him as they ar ar you you , and they they have have ( useful ) .
they are the actual liars .
Satan took possession of them , then he had them forget Allah Allah &apos;s commmembrance .
these are the party of Satan .
yes , undoubtedly ! the party of Satan are the real losers .
Certainly , those who oppose Allah and His Messenger Messenger are among the humhumest .
Allah wrote : &quot; I and My messengers will win . &quot; , Allah is is , , worthy .
You do not find people who internalize Iman in Allah and and Last Last , , love love who oppoppAllah and and Messenger Messenger , even if they were their fathers , their sons , their brothers or their relatives .
these are those in whose hearts He established man man and strengthened strengthened with Him with glory .
and He makes them enter JJann, , by rivers rivers in ein they are ever .
Allah is pleased with them and they are pleased with Him .
these are the Allah ( loyal ) party .
yes , undoubtedly ! The Allah ( loyal ) party are the real successful .
Allah prapraise all who are in the heavens and on earth , and He is is the , , The Wise .
he is the one who had those of the the who who who Kufufr driven from their dwellings to the first expulsion .
ye did not think that they come come out , and they thought their castcastles would them them from Allah ; then Allah came came them them from wherwherwith they did reckreck, , and cast cast terror into their hearts .
they destroyed their houses with their own hands and the hands of the mummy .
and if Allah had not determined determined them deation ation , He He have mented mented them in this this , and for them the the of of fire is ined in the Hereafter .
this , because they resistAllah and His Messenger Messenger and and ooever ists , , , , , Allah is hard in punishment .
and you have not liked a young date palm or let them on on their except except except Allah &apos;s consent , and and He may humate the Fasiq .
and what Allah made His Messenger of of them prepre, , you you not neither horses horses nor camcamcam, but Allah Allah His His messengers against against those who pleases ; and Allah is omnimighty all all .
which Allah made Allah Messenger y a prey from inhabitants inhabitants inhabitants inhabitants the , , is is for Allah ( ( the the , , the the , , kinkinkinkin, , the the the the poor poor poor poor poor poor travtravtravtravtravneed , , that that it it not not among among the rich of you .
and what the Messenger gave you , take it , and what he he forde you forfrom you .
and acts TaTaqwa according to Allah ! Certainly , Allah is hard in punishment .
it is for the hijra --entreprenentreprenwho who driven driven driven their their their their and and , , , ve ve ve favor of and and and and and they they ALALAllah ( ( in ) and His Messenger Messenger , are are the trutruthful .
and those who already lived the dwellode ode ( MadMad) and and II( alized alized alized before before love love who who those hihithem them them , and find find in brebrebrebrebrewhat what been been them to to others ) , and they prefer others before themselves , even if they are in need .
and whoever is protected from the stinginess of his ego , these are the real successful ones .
and those who came after them say , Our Lord !
forgive us and our siblings who internalized Iman man us , and leave no ententment in our hearts for those who internalized Iman .
!
Certainly , YOU are omevolent , gracious . &quot;
if you not seen those who did NiNifaq , they tell their brothers brothers the the who who who Kufufuf&quot; &quot; &quot; were were driven elled elled we would certainly certainly leave with you and not not obey anyone at all , and and you you fought , we would assist you ! &quot;
and Allah testifies that they are certainly liars .
if they were driven out , they will not leave with them , and if they were fought , they they not not them , and if they them them , if they turn turn their backs , they will not be helped .
Certainly , you are more terrifying in their hearts than Allah .
this , because they are people who do not understand .
they do not fight against you together except in fortified villages or from behind walls .
you suspect them united while their hearts are different because they are people who do not reflect .
like those before them recently , they experienced the evil consequences of their matter , and for them excagonagontoris is ined .
like Satan , when he said man man , &quot; Kufufr &quot; and after having he done ufufuf, he said said , SurSurI I I from you . I am afraid of Allah , the Lord of all creation . &quot;
so the the of both was that they are eternal in the fire therein .
and this is the retribution of the injustice --@ decing .
you who have internalized the Iman !
acts TaTaqwa according to Allah , and a soul shall look for what it sent sent for tomorrow !
and act TaTaqwa according to Allah ! , Allah Allah is of of what you do .
and are not like those who forgot Allah , He let them forget forgotten .
these are the real Fasiq .
Not equal are are the fire and the fire and the the aries of not Jequal .
If We would send this Quran down to a mountain , surely you would humble ble , , ting ting from the awe of Allah .
and these parables make shape people to think .
He is Allah , the one except Wwhom there is no Deity , The KnowKnowing about the hidden and the visible .
He is Allah , the One except Whowhom is is Deiteity , The er , , The absolute Pure Pure , The absolutely less less less , , guaranteing , , , who has all , , The One , , The All-Con, , who above above all .
subhanallah about what they do about Schirk .
He is Allah , The CreCre, Gient to Existence , The Forming .
All that is in the heavens and on earth praises Him , and He is The The One , The All-Wise .
you who have internalized Iman , do not take My enemy and your enemy as Wali .
you show love to them while they have already done ufufufr what what came you from truth truth truth they they out out the Messenger and , , because you have internthe Iman of Allah your Lord .
you should have gone gone away had ---My My My and and in pursuit of pleasure pleasure pleasure ( do not not it as Wali ) ) you secretly tly tly to them , and I know know know what what concconceal and what you reveal .
and whoever does it from you , he already missed the right way .
when they prevail you , they will be enemies for you , and stretch stretch hands and their gues gues against you with evil evil and they they ed you to do Kufr .
On the day of Resurrection , Allah ts among among you and and Allah is is seeing what what you do .
We practice Tapractice akkakkul , we turn to you and to You is You .
!
Let us not be a Fitna , for those who did ufufuf, and forgive give our our our surely surely surely surely the The One , The Wise ! &quot;
Certainly , there was already a beautiful example for you in you for anyone who hopes for Allah and the Last Day .
and whoever turns away , so surely , Allah is is The absolute car car , The All-All-ciOne .
perhaps Allah may rise rise love between you and those of them who you have hostile .
and Allah is omnipotent , and Allah is is Forgiving , gracious .
Allah does not forbid you you who have not fight you you of and and not not driven you you from dwelldwellings ings to meet them with with ness and and them them righte; ; surely Allah loves the righteous .
Allah forbids you those who fought you you of , , expyou you of your dwelldwelland and sted sted your expulsion to take them as Wali .
and whoever takes them as Wali , these are the actual injinjtice tice --@ decing .
you who have internalized the Iman !
if the mumin --@ women women hijra ----come come to you , then them them , Allah knows better about their Iman .
and if you recognize her as a mummy , don not send her back to the Kafir !
neither they ( the mumin in -@ women ) are halal for them ( the Kafir ) , nor they are halal for them . and give them ( the Kafir ) what they spent ( as a bridal delivery ) .
and there is no no you you you you marmarry , when you give them bribribri, , and do not not the Kafir ir -@ spouse !
and ask what you spend , and they should what what they spend , this is Allah &apos;s decision .
He judges among you . and Allah is omniscient , Wise .
and if one of your spouses overrun to the Kafir , and you retretribution , give give give to those ves ves went same as what they they , and and TaTaqwa wa to Allah , to whom you internthe Iman .
Prophet !
you who have internalized the Iman !
Do not take people as Wali , whom whom Allah is anangry ; they desdesperate the afterafterlife , as the Kir desdesperate the companates of the graves .
Allah prapraise all who are in the heavens and on earth , and He is is the , , The Wise .
you who have internalized the Iman !
why do you say what you don &apos;t doing ? !
it is something serious waste at Allah that you say what you are not doing .
Certainly , Allah loves those who fight in His way in , as if they were a compact construction .
and ( remember ) when Musa said to his people , &quot; my people , why do you offend me , you already know that that am Allah Allah messMessenger to you ? &quot;
and when they deviated , Allah let their hearts hearts .
and ALLALAdoes not not manage the fisq q -@ operating people .
and ( remember ) when &apos; Isa Ibnu @ @ Maryam said : Children of Israel !
Certainly , I am affAllah Allah messmessto you you what was was me me of At --de, , and and a a a ful ful from messmessenger who comes me , whose name is Ahmad ( Promised ) . &quot;
and when he came to them with the clear signs , they said , &quot; This is a clear magic . &quot;
and no one commits more injustice than the one who invup in lies the name of of &apos;s while he is invited to Islam .
and ALL does not quite guide the wrwrong -@ @ going people .
They want to extinguate Allah &apos;s light with moumouths ths and Allah will will His His complete , even even , the Kafir would be aait .
He is the one who sent His Messenger with the guidance and the Dof truth truth , that He may may sursurpass pass all , even even then the the schschwould would be aalined .
you who have internalized the Iman !
should I point you to a trade that saves you from a painizing torment ?
you internalize the man man to Allah and His Messenger voand do jihad fi --@ sabilillah with your assets and yourself .
He forgives you your transgresand and lets you JJannannannat rivers rivers rivers rivers rivers as as beautiful beautiful dwellin in AdAdn n @ Jannat .
and something else you love - help from Allah and a close victory .
and deliver the mummy good news !
you who have internalized the Iman !
are assifor ALLAHs ( Din ) , as IsIsIIbnbn-@ @ yyam to disciples disciples disciples disciples are are are are to to to ? ? disciples disciples disciples disciples said We are are are for for Hs ( Din ) . &quot;
Then a group of Israel children Israel interninternalized Iman , and Kufufr a a ( another ) group , then We supported those who alized alized the man man against enemy enemy , then they became surpassed .
Allah all praise who are in the heavens and on earth , the Rer , , AbsolPure Pure , the the , the WWise .
He is the one who sent to the illiterates messenger of them , who them them His Ayat , purifies them and teaches them the Scripture and wisdom , and they were in in a clear ray before .
also to others of them who have not yet joined them , and He is The AlmOne , The WWise .
this is Allah &apos;s favor that He grants to who pleases . and Allah is of immense favor .
the parable of those who whom At imposed At At -@ tauand and then did not not it is like the parable of the donkey who carries books .
and ALL does not quite guide the wrwrong -@ @ going people .
say , &quot; You who became Jews !
if you claim that you are Wali for Allah instead of all men , then desire death , you would truly truly . &quot;
and they never wish him because of what they did by , and and Allah is omniscient about the injustice of -@ decing .
Say &quot; Surtainly , the death flefleflewill will meet you , then you will sent sent back to the omcient ent the the hidden and the visible , then He will tell you of what you used to do .
you who have internalized the Iman !
when the was called to the ritual prayer Friday Friday , stristrito the membranof of and and go go the business business .
and when the ritual prayer is finished , then scse selves in the land stristrive ve Allah &apos;s &apos;s , and remember remember Allah Allah , that you may may succeed .
and when they saw trade or pleasure , they hurhurthere and let you standing .
Say : &quot; What is at Allah is better than the pleasure and than the trade . and and is is best of the Rizq q -Eneeing . &quot;
When the Munafiq came to you , they said , &quot; We testify that you are Allah &apos;s messenger . &quot;
and Allah knows that you are His messenger and and Allah testifies : CerSurely the Munafiq are liars . &quot;
They took their oaths as a shield , then they stopped from Allah &apos;s way .
this , because they expressed the Iman , then KufKufr , so their hearts were sealed , so they do not understand .
and when you see them , you like their figures , and when they speak , you listen to their said .
certainly , they resemble supported woods , they suspect every cry against them .
they are the true enemy , so beware of them .
Allah fight them .
how are they dissu? ?
and when they are told , &quot; &quot; that Allah Allah Messenger Messenger ask ask gigiveness veness , , they turn their heads heads , and you see them turn away as they rise in arrogance .
It is the same for them whether you ask for forgiveness for them or not ask for forgiveness for them .
Allah will never forgive them !
Certainly , ALdoes not not guide the fisq q -@ operating people .
they are the ones who say , &quot; Do not give to those who are with Allah &apos;s messengers to go apart . &quot;
and Allah belong the magazines of the heavens and the earth , but the Munafiq do not understand it .
they say , &quot; When we return to Madina , the more worthy will will drive the the lower . &quot;
and dignity belongs to Allah , His Messenger and the mummy , but the Munafiq do not know .
you who have internalized the Iman !
Do not let your assets nor your children distract from from Allah &apos;s commmembrance !
and whoever does this , these are the real losers .
and give from the Rizq q WE we you you before death comes to one of , , , he says , &quot; Lord , would U U would me me me me a a time time time I I I will donand and and good who pleasing to God . &quot;
and Allah will never grant a soul a when when its time came , and and is is is of of what you doing .
Allah prapraise all who are in the heavens and on earth ; ; domindomindominion and and Him deserpraise praise praise and and He is nimighty all things .
He is the one who created you , so of of are Kafir and some of you mummy .
He created the heavens and the earth in law and and formed you , then made your figures beautiful , and Him Him is Him .
He knows this in the heavens and on earth , and He knows what you conceal and what what reveal reveal . and Allah is omniscient about that in the breasts .
didn &apos;t come to you the message about those who previously operated Kufr ? !
then they learned the evil consequences of their matter , and for excagonizing ment ment is destined .
this , because their messengers used to come to them with clear signs , then they said , &quot; People guide us right ? &quot;
then they operated Kufr and turned away .
and Allah does not dependent on anyone . and ALL is absolutely self-sufficient , , commendworthy .
those who operated Kufr claimed that they were not awakened .
Say , Yet , with with , with my , , you you be be awened , then you will ououedly edly edly you about what you have done .
and this is easy for ALL . &quot;
so internman the man man to Allah , His Messenger and the light that We sent down .
and Allah is aware of what you do .
( remember ) the day when brings brings you together together the the of of together . is is the the for ment ment for and whwhoooand and and and pleplepleplepleGod God God forforgives gives his eds eds eds eds and and him him enter enter Jannannat flowed lowed rivers rivers , they are endit forever .
and those who did out ufufr and denied Our Ay, , these are the the of of fire , they are thertherther; and the is is pathable .
it did nothing of misfortune except with Allah &apos;s consent . and whoever internthe man man man guides guides his heart right . and Allah is omniscient about everything .
and obeys Allah , and obey the Messenger Messenger if if you turn turn away , only only our our our only only only to Our Messenger .
He is Allah , there is no deity except Him . and and the mpractice the makakTawakkul !
you who have internalized the Iman !
Sur, there your spouses and your spouses ouses enemies for you , so beware of them .
and if you enit , look and forgive give , surely , Allah Allah is Forgiving , gracious .
your assets and your children are just Fitna . and at ALLAH there is tremendous reward .
So , according to Allah , Taqwa acts as as you can listen listen , obey bey and good good good yourself yourself and whoever is protected from the inginginess of his ego , are are the real ones .
if you give Allah ( His His ause ) a Hasan an -@ bond , He will multiply ly and forgive you , and Allah is abundantly rewarding , , lenient .
He is The KnowKnowing about the hidden and the visible , The Know, , The Wise .
and when they reached their set time , , them in in , or separate separate from them according to the , , and let two two of of you testiestito this , and keep the testimony of Allah &apos;s will .
with this the one who who alizes the IIman and the and the Last Day is admonished .
and who who acts Taqwa wa to Allah makes makes makes a way out
and grants him Rizq from there , with he does not count expect .
and whoever practices Allah against Tawakkul , He is sufficient for him .
Certainly , Allah will help His His His . . Allah already already something specific for every thing .
and those of your wives who do no longer expect any strustruation - you have doubdoubts so their their &apos; &apos; dis is months months , as as as those those who not yet strustrustrustruation and and pregnant pregnant pregnant women whose whose ends ends when they have have . and ( ( ( ) ) TaTaTawa wa wa ALAL, , grants grants relief in his matter .
This is Allah &apos;s instruction which which sent sent you down , and whoever ever TaTawa wa wa to Allah , forforforhis his eds eds eds eds eds and makes the reward reward endous for him .
Let them dwell where you live according your wealth wealth and do harm harm harm to distass them .
and if they be pregnant , give them them until they have released , and if they satisfy for you , give them their reward .
and call each other to be approved , and if you have difficulties together , another will satisfy for him .
the wealman shall give his his fortto to ance and to whom whom RRizwas was granted shall give maintenance of what Allah granted him .
Allah is no soul but what He granted it .
Allah will relax after after relaxation .
and how many villages resistresistthe instruction of their and and His messengers , then reckreckoned them with a a hard , , and and torthem them a horrible torthem .
then they learned the evil consequences of their matter , and following their matter was loss .
Allah gave them a hard cleanment .
so Taqwa acts according to to , , you with mind who internalized the Iman !
a messenger who clearly clearly you you Allah &apos;s at at , that He He bring bring those who have have light light man and and plepleasing good good good the darkness asing the light .
and whoever interneth the man man in and and does pleplepleasing asing , , him him enter JJat , which are are lowed rivers rivers , they are thertherein .
Allah is the One who created seven heavens and equal of the earth .
the instruction gradually ends ends between them , so that may know that Allah is omnipotighty ighty everything , and that Allah Allah already covered everything with knowledge .
Prophet !
why do you explain haram what Allah declared you halal ? !
are you striving for the satisfaction of your wives ? !
and Allah is allver ver --giving , gracious .
Allah Allah already bed bed you the release from your your al. and and is is your Mau. and and He is The KnowKnowing , The All-Wise .
and ( remember ) , when the Prophet entrusted a to to some wives ves ves as a secret , then then told him ( others others and and and him him , , made some some some of and and frato do things .
and when he told her , she said , &quot; Who told you this ? &quot;
he said , &quot; I was made by by the KnownisKnowent , the KnowKnowing . &quot;
when you both repent of Allah , your hearts deviate , and when you unagainst him , Allah Allah is Maula , , jijibriand the the good of the mum, , angels angels angels angels are another .
perhaps his Lord , if if TalTalTalTalTalTalTalTaldidididididi, other other who who better better than you who who who am am --@ , , iman ---intern, , much much , , , rep, , , , , , fast/ / hijj--@ entrepreneur, not virvirgin and virgin .
You who have internalized Iman ! youryouryouryouryouryourfrom fire fire whose whose are men and and stones , above him are are , angels angels who do not oppoppoppin what He commanded anded , and they do what is commanded them .
you who operated Kufr !
do not apologize today !
You will only reward what you used to do .
you who have internalized the Iman !
Repent of Allah with a ere ere repentance ; your your will will reyou you your your eds eds eds eds eds and and you enter JJJannat at rivers rivers rivers on the day when does does not ilible the prophets and those who internalized Iman with him .
their light runs running before them and on their right hand , they say , &quot; Our LORD !
make us light light complete and forgive us ! You are omnipotent above everything . &quot;
Prophet !
jijihad against the Kafir and the Munafiq and be strict with them !
and their accommodation is Jannam . and becoming is is able .
Allah coined a parable for those who operated Kufuf, , wife wife NuNuh and wife wife Lut t both both were with two servants servants servants servants servants who were plepleplegood , , both both both both women ) ) against , , , did did did use use them them wiwiwi) anything before . . and it was said : &quot; Enter Enter the fire with the comenter ! &quot;
and Allah coined a parable for those who internalized Iman man the wife of Pharaowife , when she said , &quot; My LORD !
build up me house with you house in in J, , deliver me from Pharaoh h his doings ings and deliver me from the unquous people ! &quot;
MarMaram am Ibnatu u Imran ran ran who chchchastiastiWe We breathbreathinto into into into into into and and and she the words of her her and His tures tures tures be true and was one one of the always servants .
The who who the the who who more . . and He is omnipotent over everything ,
who created death and life , that He might test you who of you is better in doing , and He is is One One , The Forgiving .
who created seven heavered heavheav, you see see nothing creation creation didiin in in creation creation of digrace .
so see repeatedly , do you see anything of cracks ? !
then look twice twice , so the look is rejected to rejected while he is overtired .
and surely , We decorated decorated the lowest lowest with with , and made them ststfor for satsat; and and We them them the cleanof of heat .
and for those who have done ufufufufufLORD , is the the of of of is annappointed ; and is is is able .
when they are thrown into them , they hear from their screry as she cooks .
Again and again when a group is thrown into them , they are asked by their commission: &quot; &quot; there no no ner ner to you ? &quot;
they said , &quot; Yet , certainly ty , a a warner came to us , then we denied and said , &quot; Allah sent nothing nothing down , you are only in a great madray . &quot;
and they said , &quot; If we listened or or , , we would not be among the companof of heat . &quot;
so they admitted their trans. . destruction destruction destruction the the companof of heat .
Cerely those who have reverreverrevertheir their in secret secret this is forveness veness and great reward .
and conceals your utteror or reveals them , surely surely He is omniscient about that in the breasts .
Does He who created does not have knowledge , while He is is the ent ent ent , The Knowing ? !
He is the one who made the earth abundielfor you , so moves around in its areas and eat from His Rizq .
do you feel safe from Him is is in heaven that He sinsinthe the with you , and that it trembles immediately ?
or do you feel safe from Him who is in heaven that He sends sandyou over you ? so you will still know how My warning is .
and certainly , those who were before denied denied . so how was My disapproval ?
did they not see above them the birds with outstretched wings , and they feed them in ?
no one keeps them except except except the Mer. SurSurHe He is looking above everything .
or who is this who is a helper per you and and you you you of the of the Mergrace ?
the kafir are only in deceieption .
or who is this who grants you Rizq when He withheld His Rizq ?
no , but they exaggerate in transgression and alination .
is the one who goes to the ground with the , , more guided or the one who goes upright on a straightforward path ? !
Say &quot; He is the one who made you , , and He made you hearing , the eyes and and mind . &quot;
Say &quot; He is the one who made you multiply on earth , and to Him you be gathered . &quot;
and they say , &quot; When is this threat , should you be truthful ? &quot;
Say &quot; The knowledge is only with Allah , and I am just a clear warner . &quot;
and after seeing them closely , the faces of those who who ufufufwere grieved eved and it was said , &quot; This is what you used to demand . &quot;
Say : &quot; do you see see ? if Allah destrome me and those with me or me grace , who who the the ir ir ir from a agonizing torment ? &quot;
SHim : He is is the the to In. . Him Him interninternhim man and and Him Him practice Tawakkul . &quot;
Say &quot; How do you see it ? when your water runs dry , who brings you flowing water ? &quot;
Nuun .
Al Al @ qalam and what they write in lines !
you are not a spiritual disturbed because of the essing of your LORD .
and certainly , there is going going is going reward for you .
and certainly you have an excellent character .
so you will still have insight , and they have insight
about who of you is the Fitna the Fitna -plagued .
Surely your Lord knows better of him who strayed from His way , and He knows better of those those guided .
so do not listen to the dendeniers .
they wishyou would bend , , then they up .
and do not listen to every humiliated much --@ swing ,
( the ) expos, spreading Namima ,
preventing good , , aggression , much missing
and is braid , is also a bastard .
( this only ) because he had wealth and children .
when Our Ayat were presented to him , he said , &quot; They are legends of the former . &quot;
We will brand him on the trunk .
Certainly , We tested how We tested the owners of the JJwhen they ssto to to ap them in the morning .
and nothing nothing .
then a whirlling irlyour sirled by by them as they slept ,
then she became like the harvested .
then they called each other in the morning :
&quot; Go to your farto land in the , , you be be back . &quot;
then they started while whispered each other :
&quot; Under no circumstances does she enter you you a needy today . &quot;
and they were early to in the early .
and when they saw them , they said , &quot; Surely we were mistaken .
no , but we are excluded . &quot;
the middle of them said , &quot; I I not tell you , would you praise praise ? &quot;
they said , &quot; Praise . -exexalted is our LORD !
Certainly , we were wrong tice -@ @ ing . &quot;
then some of them turned to the other , they reproother of each other ,
they said , &quot; Our decline !
Certainly , we were transgressors .
Hopefully our Lord will exchange us better than them . Surely we are are to bOne . &quot;
Such is the oning , and the the oning of the afterlife is even greater , they they only know .
Certainly , for the Muttaqi there is the their annthe Jwelfare welfare of their Lord .
Do let Muslims be like the heavy missing ? !
what about you , how do you judge ? !
or do you have a ture in which you read ,
that it is yours what you choose ?
or do owowyou sufficient vows until the Day of Resurrection that it is yours what you judge ?
ask which of them claims this !
or do they have ( ALLAH ) affiliparties ? !
then they shall bring their ( Allah ) companif they they trutrue !
on the day when something serious is exposed and they are asked to to d , then then cannot ,
Their eyes are lowered , and humiliation comes comes them , and and they were asked to to shwhen when they were holy .
therefore let me with those who deny this communication , We will attract it from where they do not know .
and I grant them postponement . Certainly , My planning is strong .
or do you demand wages from them , so that they are burdened by their commitment ?
or do they have the hidden with them , do they write ? !
so be in patiwith with the iny of of your , and do not be as the the of of fish fish when he cried while he was afflicted .
if a good not not him him from his his , , he he been cast wn the the bare land while he was rebuked .
then his LORD chose him , and He made him of the good good .
and those who did Kufufr almost brought you you with their eyes when when heard heard exhition ition , and they say , &quot; ely he is mentally disturbed . &quot;
and he ( the Quran ) is nothing but exhortition for all creation .
Al . -@ haqqa ,
what is Al --@ haqqa ? !
and what do you know what Al ◀ -@ haqqa is ? !
Thamud and &apos; Aad denied the stop .
So concerning Thamud , they were were by the grespassing .
and concerning Aad , they were destroyed by a very violent cyclone .
He He liclicto them them seven nights and eight days in row row , so you see people stretched to to the ground as if they were fallen date date stumps .
so do you see something rest left from them ? !
and Pharaoh , those before him and and the turned turned with the reprehensible ,
then they resistthe Messenger of their LORD , and We ged them with excessive concerns .
certainly , when the water flooded , We carried you in the floating ,
that We may make them an exhortfor you you , and a conscious conscious may conscious aware conscious it .
so if a single push is pushed in AA-@ sur ,
and the earth and the mountains are carried , then crushed with a single push ,
that day the event happened ,
and heaven split , for he was frail that day ,
and the angels are on his edges ; and Al out of your LORD bear over them that day .
on this day you will be presented . not a hidden hidden remains secret from you .
So with regard to the one to whom his register is the with the right , he said : &quot; Take , read my register !
Certainly , I knew that I would certainly meet my billing . &quot;
so he is in a pleasing life ,
in a high Jah ,
whose fruits are close .
eat and drink cardibly for what you have presented in recent days .
and with regard to the one to whom his register with the left the left , he said : &quot; I would not have received my register ,
and do not know what my billing is !
he would have been the finfinal !
my wealth une not use me .
my power left me . &quot;
&quot; You shall take him , immediately immediately ,
then throw into hell ,
then slip into a chain whose length is seventy cubits !
Certainly , he used to internalize the the man Allah to the the alOne
and not to encourage to feed the needy .
so there is neither a close friend
nor food except of water full of pus ,
that nobody eats but the missing . &quot;
so I swear by what you have an insight into ,
and where you have no insight ,
certainly , he is undoubtthe the word of a noble messenger ,
and he is not the word of a poet ; it is a little that you internalize Iman .
Nor is not the word of a fortvinteller ; it is a little that you remember .
he is the successive sending from the Lord of all creation .
and if he have something something written in Our name ,
We would have taken away his rights ,
then cut the main artery .
so there is none of you to withrain back from him .
and certainly he is an reminition for the Muttaqi .
and surely We know that there are dendendenyou .
and surely he is a acccharge for the Kafir .
and surely he is the true of certainty .
praise praise the the name of your LORD .
a tender ender asked a a cleaning
for the kafir , for which there is no restrained
of Allah , Him with the ascents ascsky .
the angels and glory rise to Him at a yaum whose length is fifty thousand years .
so be patient !
Certainly , they see them far away ,
and WE see them close ,
in the day when the sky becomes like the molused ,
and the mountains become like wool ,
and no close friend asks a close friend .
and they are shown to them , the difficult missing he he could buy free from the torment that day with his sons ,
with his companion , with his brother ,
with his extended family who welcomes him ,
and with all on the earth , all , then that this shall save him .
no ! it is a flame of fire ,
pulof of skins ,
who calls the one who turned his back and turned away
and accum, then ( only for itself ) .
Certainly , man was created as a anxious impatient .
when evil hits him , he is extremely impatient
and when the good hits him , he is extremely stingy ,
except the prayers ,
who keep ritual prayer ,
as well as those in whose assets are a fixed right
for the bitter and the excluded ,
as well as those who consider the day of DDto trutrue ,
and those who those are are are filled with the torfication of their LORD ,
surely the cleanof of their LORD is untain ,
as well as those who are preserving their chastity
except before their spouses or before those who belong to them , for then they they not not rebuamed ,
and whoever strives for beyond , these are the real transgressors ,
as well as those who take care of the entrusted to them and their treaties ,
and those as those who keep their certificates ,
and those who perform their ritual prayers at their time ,
these are appreciated in Jannat .
so what about those who have operated Kufr , they come to you huryou
from the right and from the left in groups ? !
every man man them them that he will be let into a Jah of welfare ?

Certainly , We created them of what they know .
so I swear by the weh the East and the West , surely We are certainly able to
they them with better than them , and and will not not us .
let them talk and and mischief until they they their day day which which threatened threatened .
on the day they they come out out of the graves , as if they were were ting to set up ( signs ) .
their eyes are lowered ( with reverence ) , and humiliation overcomes them .
Certainly , We sent Nuh to his people : &quot; warn your people before a excruciizing torment comes to them . &quot;
he said , &quot; my people !
Certainly , I am a clear warner for you .
serves Allah and acts TaTaqwa according to Him and obeys me !
He forgives you from your transgressions and you you postponement until a deadtime time Certainif if ALL &apos;s deaddead, , will no no be advanced , you would only know . &quot;
he said , &quot; My LORD !
Certainly , I made Da &apos;wa among my people at night and during the day .
but my Da &apos;wa strengthened strengthened only in escape .
and again and again , when I made them , , U U U give give them put put put put fingfingin ears ears , pped pped pped themselves with their , , , sted , and rose rose in quite arrogance .
then I made Da &apos;wa public to them ,
then I opened it to them and secretold them secretly .
then I said , &quot; Ask your LORD for forgiveness ; surely He He always always forgiving ,
he rarain rain upon you ,
provide you with assets and children , let Jannat grow for you and let rivers flow for you .
Why are you not interested in apprecidging Allah ,
where He created you in phases ?
Do you not perceive how Allah created seven seven layered heavens ?
and He made the moon in them as light and the sun as lamp .
and Allah really let you brought forth from the earth ,
then He brings you back into them and He really brings you out .
and Allah made you the earth like the unded ,
so that you may build on streets on her . &quot;
Nuh said , &quot; My LORD !
Certainly , they resistme and followed the whose whose fortand children increased increased him in in loss .
and they planned an extremely suspicious cunning ,
and said , &quot; Never leave your gods , nor leave leave Wadd nor nor wa wa nor nor Yaghuth , Ya &apos;uq and Nasr ! &quot;
and already they led many . and and U U increases injinjinjonly to misray . &quot;
because of their transgreseds they were drowned , then brought into a fire , then they found no found found for themselves instead of Allah .
and Nuh said , &quot; My LORD !
do not leave anyone on earth from the Kafearth .
Certainly , when YOU leaves them , they duce duce servants servants and estiestify nothing but an extremely ufufufr -@ who who the the the public public .
!
forgive me , my parents , anyone who enters my house as a umummy , the umumin and @ men and and the umumin @ @ women and and do increase increase injinjustice -@ @ decexcept except to destruction . &quot;
Say &quot; I was given as Wahy that a group of the jinn jinn . &quot;
then they said , &quot; Certainly , we heard a wonderful Quran .
Then we internalized the man man him , , and we will not with with with any toward our Lord . &quot;
&quot; and surely the glory our Lord Lord our Lord , He took took compancompanion nor children . &quot;
&quot; and certainly , the of of us used to say anything about Allah . &quot;
&quot; and certainly we thought that people and Jinn never say about Allah All One . &quot;
&quot; and certainly , some men of people used to seek shelter some some men the the inn inn , then they increased in injustice . &quot;
&quot; and certainly they thought as you thought that Allah will not awaken anyone . &quot;
&quot; and certainly we looked for heaven , then they found them filled with strong guards and lightning flames . &quot;
&quot; and certainly we used to sit on some some some of his his , whwho who stens now finds a a a urning flning flame . &quot;
&quot; and surely we do not know whether evil is desired for those on earth , or whether their LORD wanted good for them . &quot;
&quot; and certainly , among us are the d-d-good good and among us are some among this ( level ) , we belonged to different denominations . &quot;
&quot; and certainly we we that we would not not ALAllah on earth and that we would not not Him by fleeing . &quot;
&quot; and certainly , when we heard the guidance , we alized alized the man it it ; and whoever eth the the man man his his fnot neither didiminish nor injquity . &quot;
&quot; and certainly , among us are Muslims and among us are unjust , and whwho practicpracticIslam Islam sought the reasonable sible .
and concerning the unjust , they are for wood wood am firewood . &quot;
and if they had kept the way , we would have soaked them plenty of water ,
that we may may it to the Fitna .
and whoever turns away from the memory of his LORD makes him him enter into an ascending cleanment .
&quot; and certainly , all mosques are for for , so do not licliclicto anyone next beside Allah ! &quot;
&quot; and certainly , when Allah &apos;s servant arose to to suppliclicto Him , they were were were opprespressed . &quot;
Say &quot; I I only liclicto to my and and and no with with anyone to anyone ! &quot;
Say Surely I I I no harm harm for , nor you .
- Say : &quot; I will not me protection from Allah , and I will find find refurefuexcept except Him ! -
except for the laof of Allah and His messages . and whoever opand Allah and Messenger Messenger , , Jannam is is ined for him , therein they remain forever , forever .
then when they saw what they threatened threatened , they will still know who has weweaker one and is less number .
Say &quot; I do not know whether it is near what you threatened threatened , , or whether my LORD leaves time for it .
He is The omniscient about the hidden , so He does His His His hidden to anyone
except the one whom whom is pleased as as Messenger , surely surely surely him him before him and behind him ,
that he may know that they had delivered delivered the message of their , and and embembed what they they , and numbered things in detail .
Muz . -@ zamil !
perform Qiyam all night except a little ,
half of it or it a little ,
or add something to her and recite the Quran in Tartil — -@ form !
Certainly , We will give you a weighty word .
certainly , getting up at night is harder than obligation and better for the ( recited ) word .
Certainly , during the day you go after many occupations .
and remember the name of your LORD , and dedicate yourself to Him in the dedicrams .
He is The Lord of the East and the West , there is no deity but Him .
and be patiently towards what they say and distance yourself from them at a beautiful distance !
and leave Me with the rich deniers and grant them a little time !
Certainly , with us there are acshackles and hell ,
and suffocating food and painful cleansing ,
on the day when the earth and the mountains tremble , and the mountains become scattered dunes .
Surely We sent to you messmessestiestiagainst against you , as We sent messMessenger to Pharaoh .
then Pharaoh resistthe Messenger , then We besieged him with heavy concern .
for how do you protect yourself , you ufufufKufr , before a day , which brings gray hair to the children ?
the sky breaks away .
his threat is certainly fulfilled .
Surely this is an exmonort; whhe that ever will smeth a way to his LORD .
Surely your LORD knows that you you do Qiyam less than thirthirds of the night , half of it and a third of it , and a group of those with you .
He knew that you cannot grasp it in detail , so He forgive self .
so this recites urthe Quran what you are capable of .
He knew that among you will be sick sick sick as as as others who travel around the the , they stristrifor for for of &apos;s &apos;s favor , as as others others fight fi fi fi --abiliabililah lah lah , so what what what are able of and and and the the ritritprayer prayer , , the the the at and and and grants an an ( DDfor for Hs ( Din ) !
and what you present yourself yourself , you better better and and and more reward reward , and ask Allah for forgiveness !
Mud . -@ dath . -@ thir !
get up , then warn ,
and glorify your LORD with Takbir ,
and cleanyour clothes your clothes ,
and avoid idols !
and have no need to increase .
and be patient for your LORD .
so when you is pushed into the Naquur ,
so this is a difficult day on this day
for the kafir , not easy .
leave Me with the one I created as individual ,
and to which I granted great fortune
as well as children present ,
and I paved the way to glory ) .
then he hopes that I will give him even more .

Certainly , he was defiant to Our Ayat .
I will fhim him by severe hurdle .
Certainly , he thought and appreciated ated .
so be is to him , as he he ed .
then be death to him , as he apprecied .
then he looked ,
then he frowned and his face was dark ,
then he turned his back and rose in arrogance ,
then he said , &quot; This is nothing traditional magic .
this is just a human word . &quot;
I will throw him into Saqar .
and what do you know what Saqar is ? !
she leaves nothing and leaves nothing .
it burns the surface of the skin .
about her are nineteen .
no ! at the moon !
at night when she passes !
in the morning when it shines !
she ( Saqar ) is one of the largest ( disasters ) ,
as a warning for the people ,
for those of you who wants to proceed or go back .
every soul depends on what it acquired
except the right of the right .
they are in Jannat and ask each other
after the heavy missing :
&quot; What brought you into Saqar ? &quot;
they said , &quot; We would not be those of of ritual prayer ,
and we would not feed the needy ,
and we used to swewith with the senthe the meaningless ,
and we used to deny the day of Din ,
until certainty came to us . &quot;
so the intercession of the intercers do not not them .
what about them , turning away from admonition ,
as if they were frightened donkeys ,
who fled from a lion ? !
no , but every man of them wants him to be undeveloped scriptures .
Certainly , no !
but they do not fear the Hereafter .
no ! Certainly , he is an exhortition .
who remembers .
and they do not remember except if ALL wants , he is worthy of the Taqwa and worthy of forgiveness .
no , I swear by the Day of Resurrection ,
no , I also swear by the reblling soul .
does man think that WE will not put his bones together ? !
yet , with certainty ! We are able that WE will put his fingerings in order .
no , but man wants to commit transgrespublicly before him .
he asks , &quot; When is the Day of Resurrection ? &quot;
so when the eyes shine ,
the moon is darkened
and the sun and the moon will be joined together ,
man says on this day : &quot; Where is the escape route ? &quot;

there is no refuge .
with your LORD is your LORD that day .
man is told ated that day what he presented and what he postponed .
no , but man has an insight into himself ,
even when he makes his excuses .
don &apos;t move your tongue to have it faster .
we is responsible for his collection and quotitation .
if WE let him recite , follow his recitation !
then we is responsible to his explanation .
Certainly , no ! but you love the present ,
and neglects the afterlife .
there are radiant faces on this day ,
who look up to their LORD .
and there are darkened faces that day .
they believe that they are being done to them .
Certainly , no ! when it ( the soul ) reaches the collarbones ,
and it is said , &quot; Who is a healer ? &quot;
and he believed that it was the separation ,
and the leg is beaten over the leg ,
to your LORD is this day .
so neither did consider it true , nor did he perform the ritual prayer ,
but he denied and turned his back ,
then he went to his family in arrogance .
it ( evil ) came closer to you , it came closer ,
yes ! it came closer to you , it came closer ( ( be careful ! ) .
does man think that he remains as something neglected ? !
he was not a nutfa of seeds poured ,
then he was an &apos; Alaqa , then He ( him ) ) the creation , then He ( him ) did good ,
then He made it the duality , the male and the female ? !
is this not able of reviving the dead ?
came came people a while while the time when he was nothing able ? !
Certainly , We created the man of missing Nutfa to examine him , then We made him hearing , seeing .
Certainly , We led him to the way right , either thankor extremely extremely ufufuf--@ .
Certainly , We prepared chains , afir chains and heat to the kafir .
Certainly , the goodkindrink from the wine mixed with camphor ,
from a source from which Allah &apos;s servants drink , they make them bubble .
they fulfill the vow and fear a day whose wickedness is spread .
and they feed food food love love for poor poor , orphorphans and the capprisoners :
&quot; We feed feed you for for &apos;s &apos;s will . do do neither reward reward reward nor sankfrom you ,
surely we fear a our , a dark , day of our day . &quot;
then Allah protected them from wickedness this day and gave them rays and joy ,
and forthem them for patipatipatience Jah and silk ,
They see neither sun sun the moon .
and close shthem are their shadows and their fruits have been made very readily available .
and they are served with bowls of silver and cups ls that are glasses ,
Glass made of silver , which they correctly appreciated .
and they are given wine drink drink wine mixed with ginger ,
from a source in it , which is called Sal --@ sabil .
and serve them eternal service servants , when you see them , you think they are scattered pearls .
and when you see there , you see well-being and great wealth .
They covered clothing of green sundos and Istabraq ; and they were decorated with silver bracelets , and their LORD gave them pure drink to drink .
Certainly , this is a reward for you . and your aspiration has been abundly rewarded .
Surely We sent you down the ururan in successive sending sending .
so be ently ently the the judgment of your , and hearlisten listen to to or or or ufufufufr the ers of them .
and remember the name of your LORD in the morning morning and before sunset .
and from the night , perform SuSufor for Him and praise Him for a long time at night !
Certainly , they love the present and behind them they ignore a heavy day .
We created them and strengthened their joints , and if we wanted , WE would have exchanged them with their peers .
Surely this is an exmonort, so so he oever will strieth a way to his LORD .
and you will not want that Allah Allah . . Surtain, Allah is always omniscient , Wise .
He lets whHe pleases to enter into grace grace grace and for the the ususqufor for the He prepared prepared painful unification .
with the succful ful ,
then the storms in storms !
for the spreading ,
then the distinguishing ishing ,
then the admonishing exsuring ,
be an excuse or warning !
Certainly , what is threatened threatened you will take happen .
so when the stars are blurred ,
and when the sky is opened ,
and when the mountains are smashed ,
and if an date is set to the envoy ,
to the day on which her postponement was granted ,
to the Day of Juighment ,
and what do you know what the day of judgment is ?
Decline is intended for the intended for the denday !
We did not base the former ,
then let them last follow them ? !
We we do with the difficult heavy missing .
Decline is intended for the intended for the denday !
We did not create you from a lestimated liquid ? !
then We made them in a fixed whereabouts ,
up to a known deadline ,
so WE could it . how beautiful is The wealOne !
Decline is intended for the intended for the denday !
WE did not make the earth a gathering place
of the living and the dead ? !
and We made high high on her , and We gave you sweet water to drink .
Decline is intended for the intended for the denday !
goes to what you used to deny .
starts to a shadow with three columns ,
which is neither shady nor protects against the flames .
she throws with sparks like a tower ,
as if they were yellow camels .
Decline is intended for the intended for the denday !
this is the day on which they do not speak ,
and they not not allowed to apologize .
Decline is intended for the intended for the denday !
this is the day of judging .
We gathered you and the former .
So if you have cunning , plan cunning against Me !
Decline is intended for the intended for the denday !
Certainly , the Muttaqi are today in shadows and at sources
as well as with fruit from what they desire .
eat and drink diolesbly for what you used to do .
Certainly , in this way We reward the Muhsin .
Decline is intended for the intended for the denday !
eat and enjoy a little , you are difficult missing .
Decline is intended for the intended for the denday !
and when they are told , do Ruku , , they do not Ruku . .
Decline is intended for the intended for the denday !
to what word after him ( the Quran ) will they internalize Iman ?
what do they ask each other ? !
according to the huge communication ,
about which they are divided ? !
Certainly , no ! they will still know .
then certainly , no ! they will still know .
We did not make the earth as a base ,
and the mountains as pegs ? !
and WE created you as branches .
We also made your sleep as a restthing .
and WE made the night as enveloping .
We also made the day as a time of life acquisition .
and WE set up seven robust ( heavens ) over you .
We also made a bright lamp .
and We dropped abundof water from rain clouds ,
that we may sprograin grain and out with him
as well as densely covered Jannat .
Certainly , the day of judgment is a fixed time ,
on the day when bbbbsur sur bbsur , and you you come into groups ,
and heaven is opened , and he is full of gates ,
and the mountains are passed , and they they become miramother .
Certainly , Jannam is a wait ,
a place of return for the place of ring .
they spend time .
they cost neither cool nor drink
except Sieiling and pus .
it is a corresponding retribution .
Certainly , they used not hope for for billing ,
and dendenied Our Ayat .
and everything recorded everything in detail in a register .
We will only increase you on cleanment .
Certainly , for the Muttaqi there is a place of winning :
Gardens and vineyards
as well as the same same age
and filled cups .
they hear neither senseless talk nor lies .
it is a reward from your LORD , a sufficient gift ,
To the Lord the the ens ens ens the and and and is them them them them is the is them ; they have have to speak to Him .
on the day when the glory and the angels angels in turn , they do not speak except except one whom The AlAlAlAlAlAl, , and says right right .
This is the true day . so whoever will takes a return to his LORD .
Certainly , ned ned ned of a a near on on the day when man what what what he presented by , and the Kafir says , &quot; I would have have been earth ! &quot;
with the most moving out !
with those careful taking ers !
with the floating flovers ,
then the race ,
then the matter !
the day day the end trembles ,
then you follow the addicts ,
the hearts on this day are full of fear ,
their eyes are lowered from awe ,
they say , &quot; we are certainly returned to the previous state ,
even after we became modern bones ? &quot;
they said , &quot; This is certainly a lossy reversal . &quot;
it &apos;s only a single cry ,
immediately they are on the flat level .
was you told Musa ? !
when his LORD called him him in the the fied fied Tuvalley ,
go to Pharaoh . for surely he crossed the border ,
so say , &quot; you want you to purify ,
and that I may guide you to your , , then you be awesome ? &quot;
then he showed him the great Aya .
so he denied and resisted ,
then he turned his back and walked ,
so he ( the people gathered and called ,
then he said , &quot; I am your high LORD . &quot;
then Allah affected him with the hard punishment for the last and first .
Certainly , therein is a doctrine for everyone who is awesome .
are you more difficult in creation or heaven ? !
he established him ,
he increased his thickness , then He paved him ,
and He darkened his night and He produced his dawn .
and the earth expanded expanded .
he let her water and her pasture out out of her .
and the mountains strengthened
as a consumer material for you and for your an&apos; am .
when the great catastrophe comes ,
on this day the man remembers what he he was ving for ,
and hell was produced for him who sees .
so with regard to the one who crossed the limit
and preferred thly life ,
hell is certainly accommodation .
and concerning the who fearears the idea of his LORD , and contained the soul of affection ,
so surely Jis is accommodation .
they ask you for the hour , &quot; When is their dadown ? &quot;
and what do you have to do with their mention ? !
with your LORD is the last upon them .
you are just a warner for the one who has aence of her .
as if , if they see , they would not not well except for one night and their dawn .
he frowned and turned his back ,
when the blind man came to him .
and what do you know , maybe he will purify ,
or remember , so the memory benefits him .
with regard to the one who reoins so ,
you meet meet ,
and it is not up to you if he does not purify .
and with regard to the one who comes to you who who strives ,
while he proves awesome ,
neglect .
Certainly , no !
Certainly , it is an exhortition -
so who wants , remembers -
on leaves ,
raised and cleaned ,
with the hands of ambassadors ,
who are worthy , kind . -oobedient .
Death is to man , as kufr r --driving he is .
from did He create him ? !
from Nutfa He created him , then He determined him ,
then He facilitated the way for him ,
then He let him die , then He left him buried ,
then if He wants , He makes him aken aken .
Certainly , no ! he did not do what He commanded him .
so man man look for his food .
Surely We let the water water in waturing ,
then WE torore the earth into cracks ,
then WE let them grow grow their grain
as well as vines and vegetables ,
and olive trees and date palms
and densely covered gardens
and fruit and food
as a goods for you and your employees .
and when the deafening cry comes ,
on the day when the man flees from his brother
as well as ( before ) his mother and his father
and his companion and his children ,
for every man of them that day there is a matter that occupies him .
there are radiant faces on this day ,
smiling full of confidence .
and there are faces on dust dust is dust .
some black covers them .
these are the Kufr operators who who the the misconduct .
when the sun is wound ,
and when the stars disintegrate ,
and when the mountains are passed ,
and when the highly pregnant camel females are neglected ,
and when the wild animals are gathered ,
and when the seas are lit / flooded ,
and when the souls ( paired bodies ) ppaired ,
and when the alive buried girl is asked ,
for what error it was killed ,
and when the leaves are unfolded ,
and when heaven is removed ,
and when hell is kindled ,
and when the Jah is brought near ,
then every soul already knows what it did .
no , I swear by the stars ,
who are continuous , going ,
and at the night , when she pulls up the darkness ,
and in the morning , when he is closed ,
surely is is the word of a noble enger ,
who has power and prestige in Demthat of Al &apos;ahrsch ,
He is obedience and he is trustworthy .
and your compande is not mentally disturbed .
and certainly he saw him on the clear horizon .
and he is not disstinent with the hidden ( Wahy ) .
and he is not the word of a damned Satan !
where are you going there ? !
he is certainly only an exhortder for creation ,
for that of you who wants to behave straightforward .
and ye will not except except Allah will , The Lord of all creation .
when the sky splits ,
and when the stars are scattered ,
and when the seas are blown up ,
and when the graves are raised ,
then every soul already knows what it presented and poned .
you , human being !
what deceieived in your generous LORD ,
who created you , then you you , then set you up ,
in every form that He wanted , put you together ? !
Certainly , no !
but you deny the in ,
and surely are are about you ,
who are venerably registering ,
they know what you are doing .
Certainly , goodgooddness -@ bebebedient are are in well-being .
and surely those who enly enly transconduct are in hell .
they are cast wn into them on the day of Din ,
and they will never be absent from her .
and what do you know what the day of Dis is !
then , what do you know what the day of Din is ? !
on the day when no soul do do for a soul , and the matter that day is subject to Allah .
decline is the decdecat at measure ,
those , they they themselves to be be by the people , take beyond what beyond the measure ,
and if they measure or weigh gh them , diminish .
they don &apos;t think they are awakened
to a tremendous day ,
when men rise up for the LORD of all creation ?
Certainly , no !
Certainly , the register of publicly passing passing is is all all in Sidsch ---jin !
and what do you know what Sidsch – -@ jin is ? !
it is a sealed / marked register .
Decline is destined for intended for the dendeniers ,
those who deny the day of the Din .
and only every missing border border denies it .
when Our Ayat were presented to him , he said , &quot; These are the legends of the former . &quot;
Certainly , no ! but it overcame their hearts what they used to acquire .
Sur, no , surely they are shielded from their LORD that day .
then surely they are thrown into Jannam .
then they are told , &quot; This is what you used to deny . &quot;
Certainly , no ! Certainly the register of goodgoodness -@ obebedient ence is in &apos; Illiyin ,
and what do you know , what &apos; Illiyin is ,
it is a sealed / marked register ,
which the close to testify .
Certainly , goodgooddness -@ obedibedient are in well-being .
they are lying , they look .
you recognize in their faces the radiance of well-being .
they are given by a pure aroma drink to drink ,
whose aroma is of musk . and in it the competitors should compete ,
and its mixture is of Tasniem ,
a source from which the close people drink .
Certainly , those who committed serious transdeeds used to make fun of those who internalized the Iman .
and as they passed them , they winked each other .
and when they returned to their families , they returned joyfully .
and when they saw them , they said , &quot; Surely are are wanderers .
and no keevers were sent over them . &quot;
so that day , those who internalized the Iman make fun of the Kafir .
they are on loungers , they look at :
&quot; was the Kafir rewarded , what they used to do ? &quot;
when heaven tears ,
and it be be ear ear his his , and it is is up to him ,
and when the earth is expanded ,
and throws out what is in it and renounces it ,
and it be be ear to their LORD , and it is up to you ,

Sur, you are a strito to your LORD with effort which you will meet .
therefore with regard to the one to whom his register is given with his rights ,
so it is subjected to a slight billing ,
and will return to his family .
and with regard to the one to whom his register is given from behind his back ,
so he will call for destruction ,
and thrown into heat .
Certainly , he was happy in his family .
Certainly , he thought that he would not return .
but , surely , surely his LORD was looking over him .
no , I swear by the evening ness
and at night and what brings them together ,
and by the moon , when it gets full ,
you will rise from one state to another .
why do they not internalize the Iman ? !
and when the Quran is recforward to them , they do not carry out a jud .
no , but those who operated Kufr deny ,
and Allah knows better about what they are aware of .
so bring them the &quot; good news &quot; about a agonizing torment ,
except those who interninternalized the man and and plepleplepleGod , , a a unending reward reward destined .
at the sky of constellations ,
and threatened day ,
and with the witness and testified ,
Death is the companway of the burench .
the fire in it is with fuel ,
when they were sitting around it ,
and they are witnesses about what they do with the mummy .
and they disapproved of of them them but that they they alized alized man man in Allah Allah the the , , the All-ciOne ,
to whom the dominion of the heavens ens the earth belongs .
and Allah is witness about everything .
Certainly , for those who expose the mumin -@ men men and umumin -@ @ women FitFitna , then do regret ret the the of of of annam and the the of of burning is destined .
Certainly , for those who have internalized the man and and plepleasing good , , annannwho ined ined ined rivers rivers rivers by rivers .
Surely the violence of the LORD of your fis ce .
Certainly , He is the one who lets you begin and return .
and He is The Forgiving , The Most ing ,
that of the glorious Al &apos;ahrsch ,
the all-er of what He wants .
you were given the message about the soldiers ,
about Pharaoh and Thamud ? !
no , but those who operated Kufr are denying .
and Allah is all-comprehensive before them .
no , but he is a glorious Quran ,
on a board .
at the sky and the At --@ tariq ,
and what do you know what At ◀ -@ tariq is ? !
it is the radiant / high star .
about every soul there is a a eper about every soul .
man man see what he was created .
it was created of liquid ,
which comes out of between the backine and the ribs .
Certainly , He is capable of bring his back ,
on the day when the interior is checked ,
then there is neither strength nor nor him .
at heaven with return ,
and at the earth with teearing !
Certainly , he is a juiding word ,
and he is not serious .
Certainly , they are planning cunning
and I answer their cunning ,
so grant the Kafir delay , give them short delay !
praise the name of your highest LORD ,
of the one who created and then coped ,
and That who who , , then guided ,
and He who brought forth the rest ,
and He then made it the green-black dried up .
We will let you recforward , so don not forget
except what Allah wants . surely He knows knows the fest and what is hidden .
and WE easily you easily to the lighter .
so exhish when the exhortition is useful .
the one who has admonished ished the one has adreverished ,
and it avoids the chief .
the one who is thrown into the greatest fire ,
then neither die nor lives .
the one who purione is already successful
and remembered the name of his LORD , then performed the ritual prayer .
no , but you prefer earthly life .
but the Hereafter is better and more lasting .
Certainly , this is in the first first efets ,
the letters of Ibrahim and Musa .
was you given the message about the enveloping ? !
there are faces humble on this day ,
working , exhausted ,
they are thrown into a very hot fire ,
they are soaked from a boiling source .
for them there is no food except from dried thorn family ,
that neither nourishes nor satissatisfy hunger .
faces are faces on this day ,
satisfied with their desire ,
in a high Jah .
you don &apos;t hear any senseless talk in it .
there is a flowing source .
in it are upscale loungers
and provided cups
and lined pillows
and distributed carpets .
do not look at the camels as they were created ,
and to heaven as he was raised ,
and to the mountains as they were presented ,
and to the earth , as it was spread out ? !
so hort ish ! you are only a adher ,
you are no more about them .
except the one who turned his back and ran Kufr ,
ALwill then torment with the greatest cleancleaning .
Certainly , to us is their return ,
then , , is our responsible for their reckoning .
at dawn ,
and ten nights ,
and by the straight and the uneven ,
and at the night , when she passes away !
is there a oath for one with mind ? !
you did not see how your LORD passed with &apos; Aad ,
of Iram with the High ,
their peers was not created in the countries ,
as well as with Thamud , those who chliout the rock in the valley ,
as well as with Pharaoh , who of the pyramids ,
those who crossed the border in the cities ,
then increased rudestruction ,
then upon them your poured oured a mixture of of them ? !
surely your LORD is watching .
So concerning man , when He He him and and ves him dignity and , , he says , &quot; My LORD showed me dignity . &quot;
and concerning him , when He He him him , and his his izizq little little him , he says , &quot; my humhumbled me . &quot;
certainly , no , but you do no dignity to the orphan ,
and you do not spur the food of the needy ,
and you consume the inheritance in consumconsum,
and you love wealth in great love .
Certainly , no !
when the earth is crashed in crushing after crushing ,
and your LORD , and angels angels angels in ranks ,
and this day day am am is brought , , on day man remembers , and how how the memory benefit him ?
he says , &quot; I would only presented something for my life ! &quot;
so that day tortortortorHis torone ,
and captivcapno like like shfetkles .
you , the already already finding soul !
return to your LORD satisfied and satisfied ,
among My servants ,
and My Janna !
no , I swear by this city -
and you live in this city -
and with the witing and what he has begotten !
Certainly , We created created people to strieffort .
does he think that no one overwhelms him ? !
he says , &quot; I consumed accumulated assets . &quot;
does he think that no one saw him ? !
WE didn &apos;t make him two eyes
as well as tongues and two lips ,
and We guide him in both ways ?
so he did not climb Al- &apos; aqaba .
and what do you know what Al- &apos;aqaba is ? !
it is the liberation of a unfree ,
or the food in a day of great famine
of an orphan of kinship
or a needy of great need .
then he was of those who internalized Iman and exmonged each other to patience and exmonted each other to mercy .
these are the companions of the right .
and those who have done our Ayat towards Kufr are the the ions of the evil omen ,
over them is fire .
in the sun and its rays ,
and by the moon , when he follows her ,
and the day when he made them visible ,
and at the night , when they envelopops them ,
and by heaven and Him who established him ,
and by the earth and Him who spread them ,
and with the soul and Him who made it ,
then entered her both Taqwa --@ elessness and Taqwa ,
the one who holds them pure is already successful ,
and already the one who covers them ( ( with Taqwa wa -@ elessness ) .
Thamud denied because of their border crossing ,
when their chief left ,
then Allah &apos;s messenger told them : &quot; ( let ) the camel female of Allah and ( avoids ) her potions . &quot;
then they accused him of fallying , and they urt urt his legs legs , their their destroyed them them them of their their , , then He made them them even .
and He has no afraid of their consequence .
at night , when it enopops ,
and the day he reveals reveals ,
and with him who created the male and the female !
Certainly , your aspiration is different .
so with regard to the one who donated and acted according to Taqwa
and considered beauty ( Jah ) true ,
We will make it easier for ligheasier .
and with regard to the one who was inged and renounced ( ( Din )
and denied beauty ,
We will make it easy difficult difficult difficult .
and his wealth is not not him when he is founded .
Certainly , We are responsible responsibility for guidance .
and certainly we have both the last and the first .
so I warned you of a fire that blazing ,
into which no one but the blissest is is wn into ,
the one who denied and turned his back .
and the Muttaqi is kept away from him ,
who gives his wealth and keeps ses .
and no one has a him a him to repay ,
so ( he did it ) only in the pursuit of his supreme Lord .
and he will be satisfied .
morning
and at night when she rests !
neither weh weh left you , nor is He averse to you .
and certainly the last is better for you than the first .
and surely your LORD will give you , that you be satisfied .
Did He not find you as an orphan , then He He you security security ?
and He found you erring , and He led you right .
and He found you poor , and He made you rich .
so with regard to the orphan , so not suppsupppress !
and with regard to the bitter , , do not curse !
and concerning the benefit of thy LORD , say about it .
We have not extended your chest ,
and your burden ,
pressed your back ,
and your reputation ? !
So , there is a relief with the difficulty .
Certainly , there is a relief with the gravation .
so when you are relieved , strict ,
and to your LORD , dedicate you sincerely .
at figs and olives ,
at the Tur . -@ mountain of Sinin ,
safe city !
Certainly , We created created people stand in the best ,
then We returned him to the bottom of the lower ,
except those who have internalized Iman and and plegood good good , a unending ending reward is ined for them .
So what else makes you deny the in ? !
is ALnot The best judge of the judges ? !
recite in the name of your LORD , who created .
he created the man from &apos; Alaq .
and your LORD is the Most Venerable ,
who taught with the writing instrument ,
he taught people what he did not know .
certainly , no ! certainly , man man ends the border ,
when he sees himself rich .
surely the return to your LORD .
how do you see the one who forbids it
a servant when he does the ritual prayer ? !
how do you see it ? should he be guided ,
or Taqwa ? !
how do you see it ? should he deny and turn his back ? !
didn he &apos;t know that Allah sees ? !
Certainly , no !
if he does not stop , We will draw the forehead hair ,
Forehead hairs that are lying and missing .
then he shall call his union .
We will call the strict angels .
surely , no ! do not listen to him , SuSud and approach !
Certainly , We sent him down on the night of Al --@ qadr .
and what do you know what Al --@ qadr -@ night is ? !
Al Al --@ qadr -@ night is better than a thousand months .
the angels and glory are gradually sent down in her with the consent consent her her because of every matter .
Salam is am until the dawn of dawn .
those of the written who who operated Kufufand and the schwill will not not go go until them comes clarity ,
an envoy of Allah who recpresenting purified writtures ,
in which there are valuable chapters .
and those to whom the Scripture was given not not divided divided after the clarity had come to them .
and they were not commanded to serve serve - - sincsincin Him Him Him Him Him if if to perform the ritritprayer prayer and pay the Zakat , and this is the im of straightforwardness .
Certainly , those of the scriwho who who Kufufr , and the Muushare are in the fire of Jannam , they are thertherever .
these are the worst of creatures .
Certainly , those who have internalized Iman and have pleplepleasing good , these the the best of creatures .
their reward with their Lord is &apos; Adn --Jannannann, which lowed lowed rivers rivers rivers ein they they forever forever forever forever Allah Allah pleased them them and they are pleased with Him ; is is for one who who reverhis to his LORD .
when the earth is shaken with its earthquake ,
and the earth produces its dens ,
and man says , &quot; What is wrong with her ? &quot;
that day she shares her news ,
that your LORD gave her her ahy .
on this day people come out scattered , so that their deeds be shown to them .
So whoever does the weight of a a good will see it .
and whoever does the weight of a a a evil will see it .
at the snorbing ends of the race ,
then the spark . -@ stroends ,
then the rming in the morning ,
then they swirled dust ,
then they entered the middle of the meeting !
surely , man is ungrateful to his LORD .
and surely he is a witness about it .
and certainly , he is exuberant to the love of good .
he does not know if what is revealed by the graves
and produced in the breasts ,
that their their LORD is known about them this day ?
it is Al --@ qari &apos;a .
what is Al ◀ -@ qari &apos;a ? !
and what do you know what Al ◀ -@ qari &apos;a is ? !
on the day when people are like scattered moths ,
and the mountains are like plucked wool .
therefore with regard to the one whose is considered is difficult ,
he has a pleasant life .
and with regard to the one whose weighed is light ,
this is how his mother is Hawiya .
and what do you know what this is ? !
it is a glowing fire .
has distracted you ( the addiction ) for reproduction ,
until you have visited the graves .
Certainly , no ! you will still know .
then certainly , no ! you will still know .
surely , no , you would have the knowledge of certainty ,
you would recognize hell .
then you will see them as the certainty in itself .
then you day undoubtbe be accountable accounwell-being for well-being .
at Al- &apos;asr !
Certainly , man is in loss
except those who have internalized Iman , , done good plegood good , exexmonted one to to truth truth and exmonted one other to patience .
Decline is extremely offextremely by by by insins, , insended by facexpresexpressions ,
who accumulated ulated and and ed again and again .
he thought his wealth immortalized him .
Certainly , no !
he is thrown Al Al @ hutama .
and what do you know what Al ◀ -@ hutama is ? !
it is the kinled fire of Allah ,
that beats over the hearts .
Certainly , it is completed over them ,
on outstretched columns ( bound ) .
didn you not see what your LORD did with the elephant &apos;s companions ?
He did not let their cunning ,
and sent them them birds in swarms ,
which they threw with clay - -@ stones ,
then made them like eaten foliage ? !
because of the connection of Quraish ,
their journey from winter and summer ,
and they shall serve the LORD of this house ,
who fed fed them for starvation , and gave security for fear .
do you know the one who denies the Din ? !
so this is the one who pushaway the orphan
and not to feed the needy .
therefore decline is the who of ritual prayer ,
those who are caressless to their ritual prayer ,
those who run Riyaa
and utensils .
Certainly , We gave you Al — -@ kauthar ,
establish the ritual prayer for your LORD and and ake .
surely , your slander is the one without a holder .
say : &quot; You cafir !
I don &apos;t serve what you serve ,
and you are not servants of whom I serve .
and I am not a servant of what you have served ,
and you are not servants of whom I serve .
You is your inside and me is my inside . &quot;
when ALL &apos;s help and victory comes
and you see the people in Din of Allah coming in tudes ,
so praise with your Lord praise praise and and Him Him forgiveness ! SurtainHe He He always always always del--accepting .
Destruilation be Abu sh-@ lahab , destruction destruction to him !
His fortune and not use him him , not what he acquired .
he is thrown into a fire with flames
as well as his wife , the wearer of the wood ,
around her neck is a rope of palm branch .
say : &quot; He is Allah , only .
Allah is As . -@ samad .
never begbegfied and He was never conceiotten ,
and never is never equal to Him . &quot;
say : &quot; I seek protection from the LORD of Dawn
before the evil of what He created ,
and before the evil of a darkened when it starts ,
and before the evil of the bubbles on the knots ,
and before the evil of an envy , when he enenends . &quot;
say : &quot; I seek protection from the LORD of men ,
with the ruler over the people ,
with The Deity of Man
from the evil of the hiding whisperper -
who whispers pers in the breasts of the people -
of the jinn and the people . &quot;
