Biker reacts at lightning speed and prevents
On Friday evening , a traffic accident occurred on the Machtolsheim Merklingen road , in which a motorcyclist was only slightly injured thanks to his quick reaction .
Motorist overlooks bikers
At around 9 : 30 p.m. , a 44-year-old driver wanted to turn left from Merklingen at around 9 : 30 p.m. with her VW from Merklingen onto Landesstraße 1230 in the direction of Machtolsheim .
The 24-year-old motorcyclist from the direction of Nellingen overlooked Nellingen overlooked .
During the collision , hand and foot brake levers fly away during the collision
The biker tried to avoid the car , but stroamed it at the rear of the vehicle .
Due to the stripping process , the hand and foot brake levers were demolished on the Suzuki and the driver was no longer able to brake down .
At the mind , he steered his motorcycle in the green stiffs next to the road and let it roll out there to fall down .
Bikiker suffers leg injury
Due to the collision with the car , Biker was injured and had to be treated in a clinic .
Mamming corona mass infection 174 harvesters infected
After a corona mass infection of a large vegetable farm in the mamming , almost 500 people are under quarantine and are no longer allowed to leave the farm .
Security service supervises the ban on nightout .
A total of 174 harvesters tested positive for the corona pathogen Sars-CoV-2 during the screening , as the District Office announced on Saturday evening .
&quot; In order to avoid further expansion , we unfortunately have to take step to protect the population , &quot; explained District Administrator Werner Bumeder ( CSU ) .
Previously , seven employees had already become infected in the company - this was the occasion for the series test .
The farm is a large vegetable farm that grows strawberries , cucumbers , cabbage and beetroot - cucumbers but only for inlay glasses .
Mamming is a rural community about 3300 not far from Dingolfing &apos;s large BMW plant .
appealed to the citizens to keep calm : &quot; According to information , it is a closed group of people .
On the farm , uninfected employees were separated , the site is now surrounded by a barrier fence .
Greens and SPD gave the state government co-responsibility .
The two opposition factions accused Prime Minister Markus Söder ( ) and his cabinet of controlling those of seasonal workers .
&quot; can take revenge bitterly if such and lockdowns have to be ordered , &quot; said Jürgen , the parliamentary managing director of the Greens .
The SPD has quite similar : &quot; After the Corona outbreak in mid-May , we have already called for a special control programme for farms with harvesters , &quot; said environmental expert Florian von Brunn .
&quot; Especially the hygiene conditions at the workplace and the living conditions are sharply controlled .
This is obviously not . &quot;
The outbreak came with announcement .
Aidenbachstraße : Dangerous dispute : 19-year-old falls into the track bed after Schubser
In a dispute between two youth groups on Aidenbachstraße , a 19-year-old slipped through a Schubser and track bed .
Obersendling - Friday there was a subway station Aidenbachstraße at 16.15 o &apos;clock a dispute between two youth groups at 4.15 p.m .
A passer-by alerted police with several strips .
According to the first investigation , a Munich man ( 17 ) pushed a 19-year-old to the ground .
The boy slid over the platform edge and fell track bed .
People from the 17-year-old group helped the fallen man to climb out of the track .
There was no danger from an arriving railway .
According to the police , there were clashes between the two people .
The 17-year-old initially fled the scene , but he could be determined retrospect .
His father &apos;s accompaniment went to the police inspection .
Investigated against the 17-year-old bodily injury .
Report : Seehofer urges data retention
Data retention is currently
According to a media report , however , Federal Minister of the Interior Horst Seehofer calls for an extension after a media report
He wants to strengthen the fight against it .
Federal Minister of the Interior Horst Seehofer ( ) calls for a media report for an extended one - half a year instead of the planned ten weeks .
As the &quot; Bild am Sonntag &quot; reports , Justice Minister Christine Lambrecht SPD ) asked for a quick change of the law in a letter .
Seehofer wants to strengthen measures against child abuse
He makes it sensible to &quot; make necessary adjustments to the law already now , &quot; quotes from the letter .
Data retention is currently suspended .
A decision of the ECJ is expected to do so .
Seehofer , however , wants the changes beforehand so that they could be applied according to a possible positive judgment .
A spokesman for the Ministry of Justice told the newspaper that it was only make sense whether it was necessary if the courts had decided .
In the fight against child abuse and child pornography , Seehofer had already spoken out in favour of data retention in June .
NBA : Strip club trouble for clipper star Lou Williams
Excitement of the NBA !
Lou Williams ( ) , professional basketball pro Los Angeles Clippers , is said to have left the tournament quarter in Disney World in Orlando , Florida with permission for a funeral .
According to US media reports , however , he still played the strip club &quot; Magic City &quot; in Atlanta in the evening .
, who is said to have admitted the visit according to ESPN information , is back in isloation , is tested daily on COVID-19 .
His reason for the visit : Chicken Wings .
In February last year , &quot; Sweet Lou &quot; , as he is called the NBA , expressed his love for these very wings .
The American wrote : &quot; Magic City and Blue Flame ( another strip club in Atlanta , usually have the Wings in town .
NBA insider Shams Charania announced on Twitter on Sunday that she has prescribed a ten-day quarantine .
The clipper star misses the first official games after the test game phase .
In Disney World , the NBA wants to play the Corona season .
Currently , the best 22 teams are preparing training matches for the season final starting in night Friday .
Söder expresses himself on the corona position after mass infecton
Munich - Health Minister Melanie Huml ( CSU has already announced a test offensive for large farms on Sunday .
The press conference will be seen on our homepage .
The Mamming case in the district of Dingolfing-Landau has startled authorities and politicians .
The large vegetable farm currently has almost 500 harvesters from countries are currently working on the large vegetable farm , and the corona pathogen has become infected .
The farm is now under quarantine and is locked off with a building fence .
Nobody is allowed to leave the site , become food .
The authorities are now offering free corona tests to the approximately 3,300 inhabitants of the municipality .
Since the harvesters had little contact with the local population , the Landratsamt assumes that the infections have not spread beyond the farm .
&quot; Kemorse &quot; : confession of the alleged arson of Nantes
&quot; My client was cooperative , &quot; said lawyer Quentin Chabert told the newspaper .
The defense ender added , &quot; He very much regrets the deeds , the confession was a liberation for him . &quot;
His mandate was &quot; plagued by remorse and taken away by the extent of the destruction &quot; .
In the event of a conviction , according to years in prison and a fine of 150,000 euros .
The Cathedral of St. Peter and Paul &apos;s Cathedral in Nantes was destroyed in a fire on the night of Saturday last week .
The fire broke out in three distant parts of the church .
Laboratory tests confirmed the suspicion of arson
He was arrested a few hours after the fire .
He was released after a day .
The man works as a volunteer for the diocese of Nantes and was responsible for the closure of the one on the eve of the fire .
Since there was no trace of a violent one in the church , he quickly came into the field of attention of the investigators .
Discuss the abolition of the 50 1 rule
Former DFB President Reinhard Grindel has recommended thinking about the abolition of the 50 + 1 rule
&quot; German football should at least discuss , set conditions and clear rules for investors before the EU Commission creates perfect facts , &quot; said Grindel of the &quot; Bild am Sonntag &quot; .
He stressed : &quot; For the clubs that can most likely become dangerous to Bavaria and Dortmund , 50 + 1 rules do not work anyway : see Leipzig or Leverkusen .
In this respect , one cannot get around the debate whether it is not necessary to facilitate the involvement of investors for clubs that want to break into this phalanx the involvement of investors &quot; .
had doubts as to whether in German football there is to allow majority stakes , which are in the Bundesliga by the 50 + 1 rule .
&quot; It remains a legal risk to draw investment fences around Bundesliga as a business location in a European internal market , &quot; said Grindel .
The former DFB boss sees the danger that &quot; the attempts to ensure more competitive balance in the Bundesliga will end up lead only competitiveness top clubs at European level , but no longer in the championship &quot; .
Even a equal distribution of TV money will have a decisive effect .
&quot; FC Bayern makes sales of 750 million euros , Borussia Dortmund of 500 million and RB Leipzig of 300 million
So the differences are already immense among the first three clubs alone .
The other 15 have an average budget of 130 million , &quot; said the 58-year-old .
With a view to the past , Grindel feels betrayed
Unfortunately , there were people who have noticed this mistake and pierced the press to respond to it , &quot; Grindel said about the adoption of an expensive watch that would resign in April 2019 .
&quot; That occupied me very lot humanly . &quot;
The gift worth 11,000 he from Ukrainian functionary .
&quot; I committed a compliance violation , and it was right to draw conclusions from it , &quot; Grindel said .
&quot; I treated the ominous watch gift in a completely transparently and unsuspecting .
Many at the DFB knew . &quot;
He never &quot; made a secret of it , &quot; assured the 58-year-old .
&quot; This may be called naive , at least this form of transparency is the complete opposite of corruption &quot; .
&quot; Black Lives Matter &quot; : and a
The protests in the United States have escalated again by Donald Trump ’ s deployment of federal police in several cities .
On Saturday , there were clashes between demonstrators and police officers in various cities .
Three people were injured in Louisville and 16 in Seattle .
In Austin , a person was shot while a demonstration march was crossing a junction .
Previously , there had been clashes in Portland during against racism and again .
The security forces , including federal police officers , used tear gas on night on Saturday and drove demonstrators .
Hundreds of armed protesters marched through Louisville in Kentucky and demanded that those responsible for the death of Breonna Taylor .
The 26 old student was shot in March in a drug raid in her apartment in March .
The aim of the raid was others who did not live at all , no drugs were found .
When a member of a group that called itself an armed alliance of black Americans gave one on Saturday , three people were injured .
According to NBC , they were taken to the hospital .
None of them were in mortal danger .
The police set up barricades because also counter-demonstrators of a white militia
In timend , there was no meeting between the two groups .
In Austin person , Texas during a Black Lives Matter &quot; demonstration and died .
The police took a suspect into custody .
She did not do more to the circumstances of the act .
Mayor Steve told the New York Times &quot; that he was , like many in the city , &quot; inconsolable and stunned , &quot; because of what had happened .
Also in the American metropolis of Seattle , too , demonstrators provided clashes with the police in the American metropolis of Seattle on Saturday
They set fire to construction cars in front of a youth prison , the police put glare grenades and pepper spray .
According to the Seattle Times , 16 people were arrested for resistance to police or bodily harm .
In the city of Oakland , California , courthouse set on fire in the city of Oakland , California .
A small group of demonstrators had broken windows , shot down fireworks , and blinded police officers with lasers , the Oakland police on Saturday evening ( local time ) .
The fire was quickly extinguished
In Aurora , a suburb of Denver , Colorado , a car drove through a crowd demonstrating on a highway .
According to the police , a protester fired a gun and at least injured was taken to the hospital .
In addition , a court was also taken there and a fire was set , as the police reported .
Investigations was opened .
Rakoczy in Bad Kissingen : Historical defy Corona
Although the big break in the spa town was lacking , visitors and performers enjoyed the rakoczy flair of the alternative program .
It was unusual for visitors , performers and : The Rakoczy weekend without Rakoczy festival .
: Even if the big party mile in the city center was missing , the and program highlights such as Saale burns Rakoczy ball or procession , yet many Corona-compliant alternative programs came theirs .
&quot; We succeeded in spreading rakoczy flair , &quot; says spa director Sylvie Thormann .
The guests would have accepted it well .
In principle , one return to the beginnings of the Rakoczy festival , as well as the historical focus of the festival .
Atmosphere
Vesna Konhäuser has been visiting with her husband for more than 25 years at the Rakoczy festival Kissingen for more than 25 years .
So also this time Corona year .
The couple have made themselves comfortable at Luitpold Casino , watching the historical while strolling and listening to the Cuban live music casino restaurant .
&quot; I find it &apos;s quite pleasant , &quot; says Konhäuser .
She does not miss the crowds who otherwise belong to Rakoczy .
But you lacks the usual program highlights , all Saale burns on Friday evening as well as the historic parade and on Sunday evening .
&quot; That &apos;s a pity .
The weather would have been great this year , &quot; she says .
Rakoczy equestrian tournament again
For performers of the historical spa guests , the alternative program sometimes meant more work
For example , for Christina Gold who participates in the procession in a normal year and sees there on the carriage of the .
This year she was on foot in the city on Saturdays and Sundays in costume on foot in the city on Saturdays and Sundays .
&quot; is already more strenuous , otherwise we &apos;ll have it easier , &quot; she says .
The equestrian club had less to do when they were in the park .
&quot; very much hope to take place again next year , &quot; says Chairman Ulrike Waldhofen .
She announced that after a break of several years in 2021 , a Rakoczy equestrian tournament would take place in 2021 .
28 Corona cases with Spanish second division club Fuenlabrada
The Spanish second division football club CF Fuenlabrada is sliding deeper and deeper into the crisis of a Corona outbreak .
Since the newcomer from Madrid had flown to a game in the city of A Coruña on 20 July , a low strike follows the next
By Sunday , 28 team members had been tested positive , one of which came in , like the club .
Fuenlabrada from the city of the same name southwest of still had the chance to reach the ascent playoffs .
Now there is even relegation to the B group of the second .
The match against La Coruña last Monday was cancelled at the last moment , the prosecutor &apos;s office was investigating for a possible crime against public health , the supreme sports authority CSD is considering the forced descent of the club .
Players and other team members are quarantined in a hotel .
&quot; Until the sixth day of quarantine , they have not received a fresh towel and gel , &quot; wrote the sports newspaper &quot; AS &quot; .
On photos you can see how players hung underwear and club clothes in their rooms in the hotel to dry after they apparently had to wash them themselves .
The bed linen was also not changed for five days .
One problem is food .
Neither is it good nor sufficient , wrote &quot; AS &quot; .
The club management , on the other hand , means that you are satisfied with the hotel .
The accusation of having public health deliberately was rejected by Javier Llanas , the club &apos;s lawyer , Javier Tebas Llanas , rejected .
The Corona rules established by the Football Association had not been violated , the son of the president of the Spanish division , Javier Tebas , as the news agency Europa Press and the &quot; Marca &quot; .
Before departure , there were infected until 19 July , but all of whom were isolated and travelled with them .
Immediately before the flight on Monday to A Coruña , all and team members were tested again .
When the team was already in A Coruña , the Corona test was positive for &quot; five or six &quot; other team members .
The game was cancelled 60 minutes before the kickistle , Tebas Llanas .
Police have to catch horses pulled out of steam compartment
Two animals were on the street .
The police led her .
On Sunday morning , just before 6 o &apos;clock , a road user shared two free-running horses on the feeder between the confluence of Donnersdorf / Steinsfeld and the motorway junction .
At the arrival of the officials , the horses were already between the feeder and the village of Dampfach
After trust of the horses is won by the officials gain the confidence of the horses are won over by the officers shortly before the steam compartment , these each have a rope carried in the rope
Professional cyclist Tony Martin : Career continuel imaginable
Time trial specialist Martin thinks about a continuation of his career
Frankfurt / Main - The seven-time time-trial world champion Tony Martin can well imagine continuing his cycling career .
&quot; I am currently taking off the framework conditions with the team and how it could continue , &quot; said the 35-year-old of the &quot; Frankfurter Allgemeine Sonntagszeitung &quot; .
Martin is employed by the Dutch team Jumbo-Visma and had considered the Corona break to end his career after this year .
The negotiations with his team are also about the number of race days , he .
Or other problems that would plague him as a father of a family , Martin .
He used to be after a fall , and the first thought was &quot; Quick back on the bike .
Today I think father of a small one : What if &quot; .
The professional cyclist that there are certainly aspects with which he is increasingly difficult .
&quot; But it was good for me to remember from the Corona time to remember what I do about cycling and how much fun it is for me
The time-trial specialist regins the competition at the Tour de l &apos;Ain ( 5 to 9 August ) .
Bavaria : At least four dead on Bavaria &apos;s streets on weekends
The beautiful weather attracts bikers to the streets in many places .
For at least three people , the tour ends fatally by motorcycle .
A year old pedestrian also dies .
Schönthal - Accidents on Bavaria &apos;s weekend several , mostly young people died .
An 18-year-old motorcyclist was captured on Saturday near Schönthal ( Cham district ) .
It was initially unclear why the car got on the counter lane was initially unclear .
In Upper Bavaria , a 22-year-old met a horse-drawn carriage on his machine on Saturday .
According to the police at Beilngries .
In a left turn he collied against the carriage
were so severe that he died at the scene of the accident .
Of the twelve inmates of the carriage , a man was severely injured and a man was slightly injured , like the police .
In another fatal accident , an 18-year-old died in Bad Kötzting in Upper Palatinate .
He had the night of Sunday , he had his way on a road and from a 42-year-old driver .
According to the police , the 18-year-old wanted to sleep .
Do not brake the driver in time .
At Schönberg district of Freyung-Grafenau ) , a 57-year-old biker in a right turn of emergency braking .
He died .
57-year-old driver suffered one , the remaining three people car remained uninjured
The motorcyclists were discussed on Saturday by Bavaria &apos;s Minister of Transport Schreyer ( CSU ) .
In a letter to the organizer of the biker protests against driving bans announced for August , Gabor , announced for August , the defusing of dangerous curves , which referred to extensive investments such as in guardrails referred to the defusing of dangerous bves .
&quot; We have done a lot for the safety of motorcyclists in recent years , &quot; the letter said .
&quot; The number of people killed motorized by around 28 in 2011 . &quot;
Kovac tests with Monaco against Frankfurt
Frankfurt / ( dpa - For football coach Niko Kovac , his new Club AS Monaco will soon be a reunion with Eintracht Frankfurt with his new Club AS Monaco .
The eight-time French champion will perform on 1 August ( 18.00 at the Hessians , the former club Croats
For Bundesliga clubs it is and before the return leg in the Europa League against Basel ( 6 August ) .
Because of the Coronavirus pandemic , the encounter is played without spectators .
&quot; We are especially looking forward to this game .
It is always coming to Frankfurt and meet friends , &quot; explained Kovac .
This is an interesting test , said the 48-year-old .
Before joining FC Bayern Munich , Kovac had the Hessians from until and victory in the DFB-Pokal .
&quot; A top-class opponent like Monaco is a good test for us in terms of the match against Basel .
Like all Frankfurt residents , I am looking forward to seeing you again with Niko Kovac , &quot; said Eintracht coach Adi Hütter .
50 year old Austrian had the succession of the Croat Eintracht
In March , the Frankfurt lost the round of 16 against Basel 3-– 0 in their own stadium .
Almost 50 new infections : Landkreis Hof close to
In the district of Hof , the number of known Corona new infections has increased further on weekends : from 39 on and 43 on Saturday ( one person recovered and does not fall into these statistics ) to 47 Sunday .
There is also a case in the courtyard .
Thus , the Hof area is approaching the critical mark of 50 new infections per 100,000 inhabitants per week .
700 dead due to monsoon rain in Southeast Asia
Of the severe floods in are more than 9 million , mainly in , India and Nepal .
Due to severe monsoon rain , a total of 700 people were killed .
Bangladesh , the Red Crescent boats is trying to reach the isolated people .
Entire villages are under .
The farmers have lost their crops .
Tank rhinoceroses in National Park by landslides
In Kaziranga National Park several of the 120 tank rhinoceroses by landslides .
are under protection and are considered to be endangered with extinction .
This year , the floods are bad , which scientists attribute to climate change .
According to the United Nations , Bangladesh is one of the countries most affected by global warming .
New ones are empty
In the village of Cox &apos;s Bazar in the south of has built apartments for 650 through the floods .
So far only confiscated
It is difficult to people according to Cox &apos;s Bazar .
There is also enthusiasm .
Anyone who used to have a house , it was still so small and like one , often does not want to spend his life in a large block of living .
Many apartments are empty , and the government wants - should soon be occupied from those who have lost their house as a result of the floods .
60 new corona new infections in just one day in Vienna
In a 24-hour comparison in 60 corona new infections - Lower Austria there were 22 new infections .
The Landessanitätsdirektion Wien and the crisis staff of the City of Vienna regularly inform the current case figures and other key figures on the COVID-19 virus : as of Sunday , 26 July 2020 , 8 a.m. , 4,840 ( + 60 ) positive tests are confirmed in Vienna .
The number of people associated with the virus remains unchanged at 204 .
4,090 ( + 48 ) people have recovered .
22 new coronavirus infections in Lower Austria
The number of coronavirus infections in Lower Austria increased by 3,288 on Sunday .
According to the medical staff .
Number of people recovered increases to 2,936 .
Currently suffering from COVID-19 , 247 patients were currently suffering with COVID-19 .
147,253 tests were carried out .
105 people died in connection with the lung disease .
Argentina rejects counteroffer of creditors
The new demands could not be met , the Ministry of Economy in Buenos Aires on Saturday .
&quot; That would not only be irresponsible , but also unjust , &quot; said a statement .
&quot; While 50 percent of children in Argentina live poverty , we can increase short-term profits from our creditors . &quot;
The debt of the second largest economy in South America to the current no longer viable .
That is why Argentina demands on its private creditors to make some of its claims of around 66 billion US dollars ( around billions of euros ) .
If there is no agreement , the country is once again threatened with bankruptcy .
It would be the default in Argentine history .
Finally , lenders had demanded higher interest rates on the and changes to some contractual clauses .
The Argentine government is sticking to its last offer and is not prepared for any further concessions .
Argentina is in a severe financial and economic crisis .
That was last more than 50 .
For the current experts , one of the economic power expects around ten percent .
May Argentina did not pay interest receivables in the amount of $ 503 million and had thus slipped into a default of payment .
Professionally arrived - privately not yet
&quot; It &apos;s going super well &quot; - Dr. Kramer draws this conclusion after her first days in the notary in Eggenfelden .
Everything went very quickly : In mid-May , Dr. Stefanie Kramer learns that she will succeed Lutz at the Eggenfeld notariary office .
Already six later at the beginning of July , the doctorate took the work , the normal day-to-day business is long running at full swing
&quot; But I have to arrive privately , &quot; explains in an interview with the Rottaler and laughs .
Of course , the short lead time was of course not enough to move the centre of life from Regensburg to Eggenfelden , reports the native .
She is currently looking for a suitable apartment or a house in city with her husband , who is a judge at the district court in Regensburg , in search of a suitable apartment or a house in the city .
her husband was able to apply for parental leave at short notice in order to take care of the two daughters ( 3 ½ and 1 ½ years old ) .
In order not to have to commute every day from Regensburg , she sometimes has accommodation with her parents Dingolfing , the 39-year-old .
Growing up in , the city of Eggenfelden is of course known to her .
During visits on site with a family in recent months , she has once again discovered : Eggenfelden is a really beautiful small town &quot; .
She was all the more pleased that she had made selection process for the vacancy .
Her home country Lower Bavaria also plays a central role in Dr. Stefanie Kramer &apos;s professional career : After studying law in Passau , she completed her legal traineeship and the 2nd in Regensburg .
After several positions as a notary assessor , including Rehau and Hof in Upper Franconia , Babenhausen in the Unterallgäu and Regensburg - during this time she also trained her doctorate &quot; incidentally &quot; her doctorate - she took up her first job notary in Rotthalmünster district of Passau in 2012 .
In 2016 , she went on parental leave , followed by her move to Regensburg .
Since then she has taken over representation services in various notarial offices
When the job in Eggenfelden was advertised because of the approaching retirement of Lutz Feller , she had seen the right time for the full professional return , the 39-year-old explains
The team predecessor , who takes over the holiday representation in the , has completely taken over Dr. Stefanie Kramer and has a praise for the team of the law firm : &quot; It is going super well ! &quot;
The fact that this can rely on well-rehearsed processes makes it easier to take care of the upcoming relocation of the private point of life .
In terms of kindergarten and crib places , it already has local facilities .
And if everything works out , she hopes to be able to pursue her hobby here soon - and to get to know the most beautiful jogging routes of the Rottal .
plans to have a maximum of 15,000 spectators
Dortmund The largest German football stadium in Dortmund will not even be filled at the start of the season in the event of a fan return .
&quot; Due to the distance regulation to be observed , we are planning to stand at 12,000 , &quot; said Borussia Dortmund &apos;s Carsten Cramer &quot; Tagesspiegel &quot; .
Normally , the arena of the district city holds a little more than 81,000 spectators at Bundesliga matches .
In the ghost games caused by the Corona pandemic , the BVB had lost four million per game .
The Cramer , who is responsible for digitization and internationalization at BVB hopes that , in addition to the normal spectator seats , some of the approximately 4,000 will be opened in the hospitality area : &quot; It is , of course , a blow into the office if revenue breaks away completely &quot; .
In view of the ongoing Corona crisis , everyone is currently &quot; well advised to take a stable page length &quot; .
&quot; If companies are not doing well and 6.8 people in Germany alone are in short-time work in Germany alone , then the need for entertainment is limited , &quot; Cramer .
He praised the BVB professionals for their salary partial waiver , which should contribute to the crisis : &quot; Of course , they know that their salary waiver has a different effect than we put on short-time work on 100 people who work in merchandising on short-time work &quot; .
Tiny wonders : in with a few hundred
Hardly heavier than a packerl butter , just a tablespoons of blood in his entire body : that was Gabriel when he was born - he weighed exactly 273 grams .
Bub is one of about 400 premature babies that are cared for at the Grazer .
A quarter of them weigh less than grams , one - like Gabriel and his brothers and Michael - are extreme lightweight with once a birth weight .
They are so small and born in such a way that neither lungs , intestines , nor muscles are complete .
Their skin is sometimes so delicate that they could hurt the electrodes of an ECG .
And are tiny that they sometimes wear doll &apos;s clothing and mini diapers specially made for them .
But not so small that would not be with voice - &quot; and how &quot; , smiles Berndt Urlesberger
&quot; Even if of course , of course , they do not scream as loud big &quot; .
When the whiteboard becomes a stage
Despite the theatre in the classroom : Shortly before the start of the holiday , the 9th grade of the St. James Gymnasium in Abtsgmünd experienced this as a stage shortly before the start of the holiday .
Actress Sylvester from the Theater der Stadt Aalen presented the &quot; Das Heimatkleid &quot; to the students - via video .
Afterwards , the students were able to exchange the play and it with the actress and the Winfried .
The idea for the performance format was born from the current corona situation .
Teacher Teresa Nar was happy with the teaching .
if in the end all parties involved agreed that the direct encounter in the theatre and stage space would still offer stimuli , the theater also sees the potential for contact with the schools .
&quot; If we further improve the technical framework that will be an interesting addition to the game , &quot; emphasised director Winfried Tobias .
First round drawn : The TSV would meet Eintracht in the DFB-Pokal
of TSV 1860 qualify for the DFB-Pokal , Löwen meet in the first round at Eintracht Frankfurt in the first round .
revealed the draw .
Munich - Sixty possible opponents in the first DFB Cup .
Meet the lions of a qualification at Eintracht Frankfurt .
This resulted in the draw on Sunday evening in the ARD sports show .
Because the field of participants is not yet complete because of the corona pandemic , the field of participants is not yet complete due to the corona pandemic , placeholders were added at the draw .
Due to the voluntary abandonment of semi-final opponent Memmingen , TSV 1860 is already in the final of Bavarian ( 4 or 5 September ) .
There the lions meet either the Würzburger Kickers or Viktoria Aschaffenburg .
Should second division newcomup reach Würzburg achieve this , sixty would already be qualified for the first round .
Otherwise , the Giesinger would have to prevail in the final against Regionalligist Aschaffenburg .
The round of the DFB-Pokal will take place between 11 and 14 September one week before the third division start
&quot; Gone &quot; : Film legend Olivia de Havilland is dead
The film legend and Oscar winner Olivia de Havilland is dead .
She died on Sunday in Paris at the age of 104 , confirmed her spokeswoman of the German Press Agency .
She is best known for her role as Melanie Hamilton in &quot; Gone with the Wind &quot; ( ) .
As a child of British parents in Tokyo , Olivia Havilland moved to California as a toddler
The Austrian theatre man Max Reinhardt discovered the role of Hermia Shakespeare &apos;s Midsummer Night &apos;s Dream &quot; .
The film studio Warner Brothers signed her for seven and brought them out at the side of Eroll .
She made heartbreakers .
In 1946 she won her first Oscar in the leading role of &quot; To His Own &quot; .
The film ran in under the &quot; Mother &apos;s Heart &quot; .
Three years later , the award for Best Actress in William Wyler &apos;s &quot; The Heiress &quot; .
She was also given much recognition as a neurotic eccentric in &quot; The Dark Mirror and &quot; .
Daphne du Maurier proposed her in 1952 for a leading role in the film adaptation of her novel &quot; Cousin Rachel &quot; .
The play was a success .
With longtime girlfriend Bette Davis she played in &quot; Lullaby for a corpse &quot; .
From his marriage to the writer Marcus Goodrich ( 1946 – 1953 ) produced his son Benjamin .
In Paris , de Havilland married journalist Pierre Paul Galante and had his daughter Gisèle with him .
Marriage broke up .
Rumors of an affair with former British Prime Minister Edward Heath were never confirmed .
&quot; Road to Timmendorf &quot; : Beach Volleyball : Thole / Wickler Finale on comeback
The World Cup second Julius Thole and Clemens Wickler missed the final at the beach volleyball tournament &quot; Road to Timmendorf &quot; .
At the meeting of the top teams in Düsseldorf , they lost in the semifinals to their national team colleague Nils Ehlers and Flüggen in the semifinals : 2 ( 17 : 21 , : 17 , 21 ) .
Most recently , Thole / Wickler played at the World Tour Final in Rome .
In the final on the Rhine , their conquerors / wingers surprise team Lukas Pfretschner and his interim partner van de Velde scored a defeat with 2 ( 17 : 21 17 : 21 ) .
In addition to the show tournament three played for the German championships at the beginning of September in Timmendorfer Strand : The tickets were secured by Armin Dollinger / Simon Kulzer , Manuel Harms / Richard Peemüller and Simon Pfretschner / Milan Sievers
Kalbitz ejection from AfD confirmed - FDP speaks of fig leaf
Exclusion of Andreas Kalbitz from the AfD is only a &quot; fig leaf &quot; and does not change the character of the party .
&quot; The AfD is the parliamentary arm of the right-wing extremists in Germany .
Kalbitz is only part of the tip of the iceberg of the radicals in the AfD , &quot; said FDP interior politician Benjamin Strasser of the dpa in Berlin .
the AfD had confirmed on Saturday in Stuttgart after several hours of negotiations , the AfD had confirmed the expulsion of Kalbitz on Saturday in Stuttgart on Saturday after several hours of several hours , which the Federal Executive Board had decided in May .
is chairman of the AfD parliamentary group in the Brandenburg Landtag .
&quot; If the AfD were really concerned with consistently getting right-wing extremists out of their party , Björn Höcke and his would have been expelled &quot; , Strasser .
However , there is no political will in the AfD , because right-wing extremism is become a party . &quot;
CSU General Secretary Markus Blume said : &quot; The fact that Andreas Kalbitz is now excluded , &quot; he said to the &quot; World on Sunday &quot; .
&quot; Rather , there are volumes of how many frenetic supporters a right-wing extremist still has in the middle of the AfD . &quot;
Blume assumes that the AfD will end up less than five percent in elections in the future .
The days of the AfD in the parliaments are numbered &quot; .
Kalbitz was one of the spokesmen of the now dissolved &quot; wing around the Thuringian AfD state group chairman Björn ; the Verfassungsschutz classifies the stint as &quot; secured right-wing extremist aspiration &quot; .
In May , the AfD federal board Kalbitz was thrown out of the party .
The reason he stated that Kalbitz had not give an earlier membership in the now banned far-right &quot; German Youth &quot; ( HDJ ) and among the Republicans .
Kalbitz denies the membership of the .
Even the chairman of the Left Group in the Brandenburg Landtag Sebastian Walter , that the decision of the Federal Arbitration Court did not change the character AfD : &quot; The wolf has only eaten chalk .
The AfD remains a far-right party , whether with or without Kalbitz &quot; .
Neither the federal party nor the right wing .
&quot; is the Meuthen troop .
One wants to avoid further observation by the Protection of the Constitution and to get through under the radar , said Walter .
&quot; The AfD doesn &apos;t get rid of the spirits , she shouted .
Ejection does not change anything , &quot; commented the Brandenburg SPD Secretary-General decision in the Kalbitz case .
&quot; To this day , the AfD state association still held the parliamentary group to this day to its right-wing leader &quot; .
The legal dispute over Kalbitz &apos;s membership in the AfD will continue
He announced on Saturday that he would take action against those of the Federal Arbitration Court .
North Sea wind farms provide a good 21 percent more electricity
In the first six months of the year , the wind power plants on Germany fed 11.51 terawatt hours of electricity into the grid in the first six months of the year .
This is a good 21 percent more than in the same period last year , the network operator in Bayreuth said
Tennet is responsible for the transmission of the North Sea electricity to the mainland and the forwarding through the German electricity grid .
The wind turbines on the Baltic Sea , which are not part of the Tennet grid area , have fed a further 2.22 terawatt hours ( TWh of electricity .
In total , wind power from the North and Baltic Seas will thus reach 13.73 TWh , compared to a good 11.64 TWh in the first half of 2019 .
The wind harvesting at sea thus accounts for almost 19 percent of the total wind power in Germany ; that is about four more than a year ago .
New wind farms ensure higher generation capacities
In addition to the wind conditions , the increased contribution of offshore wind energy in addition to the wind conditions from higher ones , because wind farms have been connected to the grid in the past twelve months .
If the 1270 wind power plants in the North Sea were all full of power at the same time , they could generate 6.7 electricity .
According to Tennet , the transmission capacity is sufficient for this ; according to Tennet , it is 7.1 gigawatts .
It is expected to rise to 17 gigawatts in Germany .
&quot; In Germany and the Netherlands , we are investing up to 20 euros in the expansion of offshore grid connections , said Tennet Managing Director Meyerjürgens .
In reality , wind farms can not reach capacity at sea , but reach 40 percent .
The record day so far this year is January 2 , when the North Sea wind farms generated more than six gigawatts of electricity .
On average , the approximately 2.5 to 3.0 gigawatts of electricity , which corresponds to three to four nuclear power plants .
This could be nearly seven million with electricity .
Art &quot; Skirmish &quot; - an exhibition by Leipzig artist Christian Bold in the gallery of the Gmünder Kunstverein .
This was almost a small anniversary celebration for the 130 .
Birthday of the Gmünder Kunstverein : The &quot; Skirmish &quot; with works by the Leipzig artist Bold blew up the usual frame after the Corona break .
Much more than usual persecuted that between the artist and that of the Kunstverein , Dr. Ripper .
The musical equivalent was provided by the band &quot; Defenders of the Universe &quot; on the southern Kornhausplatz .
North of the gallery is the &quot; Sandtogether &quot; .
: cancelled because of Corona
The Windbergfest will not take place this year .
The city of Freital cancelled the three-day festival planned in September .
In other years , more than 30,000 people had attended this city festival .
&quot; We have truly not make a decision easy - in the awareness of how difficult it is for the participants - until the last minute &quot; , Mayor Uwe Rumberg ( non-partisan ) .
But ultimately , as organizers , we are responsible for the health of many thousands of people . &quot;
If tens of thousands had flowed to the festival grounds and into marquee , minimum distances , hygiene regulations could not have been able to follow contacts in accordance with the current Corona Protection Regulation .
Or the restrictions would have been so strong that there was not much left for a folk festival .
In addition , the organisational and monitoring effort would increase disproportionately many times over .
Rumberg consoled next year .
The city of Freital celebrates its 100th anniversary with the Winterbergfest from 7 to 9 May 2021 and the Saxons from 10 to September 2021 .
Olympic dressage Olympic champion Werth in Achleiten not to beat
Achleiten - six-time Olympic champion Isabell Werth was an outstanding rider at the dressage tournament in Achleiten , Austria .
The 51-year-old from Rheinberg came four starts to four victories on the weekend .
After she had a Prix with Weihegold and Quantaz , she was also unbeatable on Sunday in the Grand Prix Special and in the freestyle .
the 15-year-old mare Weihegold prevailed against the Austrian Victoria Max-Theurer on Abegglen on Sunday Special .
Also in the freestyle , too , the Germans was clear on Quantaz in front of her 34-year-old student .
Werth &apos;s winning horse Quantaz belongs to Max-Theurer .
The most successful dressage rider in the world is to be the ten-year-old in the Grand Prix .
For Quantaz , it was the first freestyle ever .
Already at the first tournament in three weeks ago , Werth had all the important four competitions .
The last of the three international tournaments is planned for 14 to 16 August .
Future more air traffic controllers in Worms in the future
The Worms University of Applied Sciences continues into the air : DFS Deutsche Flugsicherung donors a professorship for &quot; Air Traffic Management &quot; .
A corresponding contract between the university and the DFS has now been signed in Worms .
The contract was initially concluded for three years and will start in 2021 .
With the professorship , it is possible to enable the start of your studies not only in the summer , but also in the winter semester .
This means that twice as many students can be trained as before .
the capacities are evenly utilized in both the and DFS are evenly utilized .
The DFS will advise the university on the establishment and appointment of the professorship .
Represented at the university since 2019
Since the summer semester 2019 , the first framework of her training as an air traffic controller at Worms University of Applied Sciences in the Air Traffic Management degree programme .
This year , nine students have already started
DFS &apos;s experience is very positive , the achievements of the students are excellent .
The combination of studies and pilot training makes a significant contribution to further increasing that of the pilotage profession .
&quot; In these , it is not easy for us .
However , we firmly expect that air traffic will recover and grow again in the long term .
In order to be able to meet our legal requirements in the future , we need high , &quot; says Professor Klaus-Dieter Scheurle , Chairman of the Managing Director of DFS at the contract .
&quot; For DFS , the endowed professorship is an investment that will provide air traffic controllers with a broad , interdisciplinary knowledge base in the long term .
We therefore continue our good cooperation with the university and at the same time underpin our attractiveness as an employer .
This is also underlined by Professor Dr. Jens Hermsdorf , President of Worms University of Applied Sciences : &quot; This forms an important bridge between science and .
We would like to build on the existing cooperation with DFS Deutsche Flugsicherung as a practical partner for a dual bachelor &apos;s degree programme in Air Traffic Management . &quot;
For Worms University of Applied Sciences , the trust of German Air Navigation Service is a motivation and obligation for Worms University of Applied Sciences to further expand its teaching and research competence in the fields of the future of air transport .
In use for the air traffic controllers of tomorrow college with the first endowed professorship dual course of study very special highlights set innovative priorities for students .
Dr. Denis , Ministry of Science , Continuing Education and Culture , emphasises : Worms University of Applied Sciences has a unique selling point of Rhineland-Palatinate .
Today &apos;s signing of the cooperation agreement strengthens the profile of the university .
Rescue helicopdriver lands on the A 45
The A 45 motorway was fully closed on Saturday afternoon in the direction of Aschaffenburg , as after one of the rescue helicopters was in operation .
A 76-year-old drove straight at a Ford at 12.40 p.m. at the exit of the bend and landed at the guardrail .
Due to the impact , the front airbags were triggered , the driver suffered minor injuries to his face and had to be taken to a hospital for treatment .
The 72-year-old were treated with emergency doctor and the patient was flown to a hospital .
At present , however , the police assume that there is a danger to death .
The damaged vehicle , on which one of about 2000 euros had to be built .
Check salvation for meat industry Check industries
This brought the conditions in the meat industry to light .
Legislative tightening of law are imminent
But are they right - and will it stick so ?
Federal Labour Minister Hubertus ( SPD also wants to review industries in accordance with the strict regulations against grievances in the meat industry .
&quot; We will take a look at the industry for industry and take suitable measures for the respective industry if necessary &quot; , Heil der Deutschen in Berlin .
Germany is already warning against restricting contracts for works in general .
After the Corona outbreak at the meat giant Tönnies , the Federal Cabinet wants to pass a law of salvation this Wednesday .
Large slaughterhouses should no longer be allowed to use external personnel for slaughter , dismantling and meat processing .
For this purpose , the use of work contract and temporary workers is to be banned there .
Employer &apos; President Kramer said : &quot; Finger away from a general and temporary employment if you want to completely stranglle the economy &quot; .
Contracts for works , for example , for large areas of the trade , the construction industry and plant construction .
&quot; The misdeeds of individuals cannot destroy such an important instrument &quot; .
insured : The goal is not to prohibit anywhere in the German economy &quot; .
Contracts for works make sense .
When an industrial company instructs a craftsman to install a security system , this is a normal work contract . &quot;
The German meat industry considers a ban of and alone in its is unconstitutional
According to a statement , the statement Osnabrücker does not explain why labour law should apply to the packaging of cheese , different labour law should apply in the future than with sausage in the future , according to a statement on as the &quot; Neue Osnabrücker Zeitung ( ) reports .
Accordingly , the consumer price would therefore be by 10 to 20 percent kilos and
Often Eastern European from plant contract companies in the , according to the results of one of the NRW-Arbeitsschutzverwaltung partly 16 hours a day .
they had no break .
Wage was withheld for protective equipment or rent .
It was also noted that the situation in the housing of workers was often miserable .
Heil said that a harsh law had already entered into force for the meat industry in 2017 .
&quot; tricky constructions &quot; , however , these were bypassed .
&quot; must be fundamentally tidy up &quot; .
The politician : &quot; Occupational Safety and safety law , which want to decide at the end of July , are that do not only affect the meat industry - for example , higher test rates for occupational health and safety or clear criteria for joint accommodation &quot; .
The draft dpa includes amendments to the Act on the Protection of Workers &apos; Rights in the Meat Industry and the Occupational Safety and Health Act .
Brandenburg &apos;s Minister of Consumer Protection Ursula Nonnemacher ( ) considers more intensive controls .
&quot; I would like us to be able to carry out even more controls in many supervisory areas : food controls , animal welfare , everything sorts of things , animal transport , &quot; said Nonnemacher am in the RBB programme &quot; Brandenburg aktuell &quot; .
But for more controls , personnel departments are also necessary for more controls
Three dead in crash of ultralight aircraft in Germany
According to police , three people died in the crash of an ultralight aircraft on an apartment building in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia .
One child was slightly injured .
Two more people were rescued in the misfortune , one of the nzels .
According to the police , a parachute was found at the scene of the accident .
The &quot; Rheinische Post &quot; reported an appeal to eyewitnesses that this had collided with a hot air balloon .
The house is a single or two-family house .
No further details were unknown .
from Frankfurter Opernplatz run peacefully
One week after the in Frankfurt also the eviction of the at night Sunday peaceful
Finally , a few dozen on the square , him before the start of the curfew at 1 o &apos;clock .
Police have been in service since the early evening with numerous since the early evening , the entire city area was a larger police contingent .
For the first time this weekend from midnight , there was a ban on entering the Opernplatz , on which it was riots the week ago .
Policemen had been attacked with bottles from the crowd of celebrants .
At least five officers were injured after police entry and several police vehicles were damaged .
The night had also remained quiet .
Car flips over : Young woman seriously injured in an accident on Bundesstraße 83 at Hofgeismar
In an accident between Schöneberg and Hümme , a 21-year-old suffered severe injuries on Sunday at 13.25 p.m .
She was taken to the Klinikum Kassel .
The fire brigade used thermal imaging cameras , the fire brigade was looking for possible passengers .
According to the police , the woman , according to the police , the woman was on the road on the 83 in the direction of her home of Hümme , when her car had so far been more unexplained and rolled over several times .
In order to save the accident , the fire brigade had to cut the roof of the one .
Since it was unclear whether there was still in the vehicle , the adjacent corn field was searched from the turntable ladder with a thermal imaging camera .
The drone squadron , which also works with thermal imaging cameras , was also ordered for person search .
However , the emergency services did not find anyone between the high corn plants .
The seriously injured were taken by the ambulance to the Kasseler Klinikum for further care with the ambulance .
50 emergency forces of the fire brigade Hofgeismar , Hümme and were on site .
The federal road was closed for hours due to the accident
Juventus Turin Champion in Italy
Turin - After a redeeming goal from Cristiano Ronaldo , record champion Juventus won the Italian championship for the ninth time in a row .
The five-time world footballer made the 36th scudetto in the club &apos;s history perfect with a 2-0 ( 1 : 0 ) on Sunday evening in the home game of Sampdoria Genoa .
Ronaldo scored 1 – 0 before the half .
With 83 points , Turin , without the last long injured former international player Sami Khedira , is two matchdays at the end of the Serie A season without the most recently injured former international player Sami Khedira .
The table distance Inter Milan is seven behind .
Juventus was harmless in the first half despite optical superiority in the first half , then Ronaldo hit after a free-kick variant of the last action .
One of the 35-year-old from the penalty line with one ( 45 . + 7 .
Against the more offensive guests , Ronaldo was also involved in the 2 : 0 against the more offensive guests , after his shot Federico Bernardeschi ( 67th ) dusted off .
This ensured the lackluster but decisive success .
The foul meter shot to the bar in 89th minute may have hassed Ronaldo himself with a view to the goalscorer classification .
&quot; It &apos;s complicated to stay mentally and physically at ball level for 90 minutes .
The games are strange , and momentum changes very slightly , &quot; coach Maurizio explained after the 1 : 2 at Udinese Calcio .
Before the mental exhaustion of his is great , said the juve coach
Because of the defeat , the Turin had still been able to win the championship perfectly .
In the end , Juve owe the reassuring lead at the top of the standings to the weakness of the competitors .
In the eleven games before the match on Sunday , the Si team had only five victories .
Whether Ronaldo also becomes a top scorer is questionable .
While the Portuguese superstar has scored 31 goals so far , the former Dortmund Ciro Immobile has 34 on his account after his pack of three in the 5 : 1 ( 1 : 1 ) of the fourth in the place Lazio Rom at the Hellas Verona - just as Lewandowski contributed the title win of FC Bayern .
This is held by the current juve pro Gonzalo Higuaín .
In the 2015 – 2016 season , the Argentine scored 36 goals to SSC Naples in the 2015 – 2016 season .
In August on &quot; Old Lady &quot; of Italian football the next title chance .
Juventus is in the round of 16 of the Champions League against Olympique Lyon on 7 August against Olympique Lyon on 7 August to reach the final tournament in Lisbon .
In the next , Real Madrid or Manchester City opponents would wait .
Baden-Wuerttemberg : More than 250 illegal registered
Stuttgart - All threatened penalties and to accelerate motorists in countless illegal races on the streets of Baden-Württemberg : Last year , in the first four months of this year , the police in the southwest have already registered more than 250 illegal car races .
Although there are no comparisons for them , but the speeders are increasingly doing work for judicial authorities : the prosecutors &apos;s offices in Konstanz and Mannheim were conducted a total of 155 investigations per year for illegal races per year , a year later there were already 252 and in the current year until the beginning of June already 151 .
The races are less about organized events , as can be seen from the response of the Ministry of the Interior to a request from the Landtag SPD .
In most cases the drivers competed against each other or they have fled from the police and that is called an illegal race .
At the wheel were mainly German men between the ages of 18 and 60 .
113 fines - sometimes imprisonment
In comparatively few cases , the speeders are caught and cash register are also requested : According to the Ministry of the Interior , a total of 113 have been imposed since 2018 and 15 prison sentences have been imposed since 2018 .
However , there is no evidence that the illegal car races are actually increasing .
Rather , because of the several tragic accidents and trials of previous years and indicated , said a ministerial spokesman .
The motorway 8 is particularly popular with racasers . Again and again , motorists brake down the traffic there in order to get themselves and use the free track for a race .
Last August , a dozen riders were caught near Kirchheim unter Teck , three months earlier there were even 18 riders on the one at Merklingen .
A81 is the most popular &quot; race track &quot;
On the A81 , even more races are registered on the A81 than other Bundesautobahn .
With a speed limit , attempts are made to slow down the speeders on the particularly affected section between Engen and Geisingen .
The mostly high-priced and pimped up sports and luxury cars often have Swiss license plates , drivers because of the high penalties for too fast driving and car racing in the neighboring country
For the SPD , the speed limit must not be reduced to a few distances : &quot; With a general speed limit of kilometers per hour , we would solve this problem of motorways , &quot; says Martin Rivoir of the transport expert SPD-Landtagsfraktion
&quot; The one for Raser would be significantly higher if you didn &apos;t legally travel here and there with kilometers per hour and more on the road here and there &quot; .
Rivoir holds less of enlightenment or image campaigns : &quot; Whoever disregards everyone in such a way and puts their own , but also that of other road users , hardly retainable with reason &quot; .
ADAC calls for stronger crackdown of the
On the other hand , this is not enough for the ADAC , on the other hand , this is not enough for the ADAC : &quot; We assume that Raser will deter from the speed limits , &quot; says Holger Bach , Head of Transport and the Environment at ADAC Württemberg
It additional and also tougher controls on the affected routes
It is not infrequently , the high-speed showdown becomes more painful and momentous seriousness : From January 2019 to April 2020 , three people died in the races nationwide , two of them were uninvolved in a crash in Stuttgart city centre and one in Gerlingen .
two young men are said to have taken part a car race in November .
One of the vehicles came off the road , bounced against one and stopped the one , the 18-year-old passenger died .
21 more people were injured in the races of the past two years .
However , according to Interior Minister Thomas , however , stricter penalties are not necessary : &quot; The need for action to sanction illegal vehicle races harder is not seen , &quot; says the paper of the Ministry of the Interior .
Blue light of 23 July : Thirsty burglar steals drinks
Rohrdorf : A man broke into a snack on Thursday in Rohrdorf ( Calw district ) and has drinks and stolen .
A witness heard sounds around the clock in the valley road running towards the snack .
There he noticed a man who went on the fridge with drinks and the snack afterwards through a previously broken entrance door .
The perpetrator fled towards the meadows behind .
According to the police , the burglar also used cash out and stole cash in the low three-digit range .
The suspect is described as follows : is about 1.75 to 1.80 meters tall and of strong stature .
he wore a black hoodie , black trousers and light shoes .
The police receive further testimonies are accepted by the police .
sprints up on Sibiu Tour
Professional cyclist Pascal Ackermann won his second victory of the day on the final stage of the 10th Sibiu .
The 26-year-old from the Bora-hansgrohe prevailed on the 109-kilometre long with start and finish in Sibiu in the mass sprint , he had already won at one stage .
It the three and four farmers .
In the overall standings , his Austrian teammate Gregor Mühlberger prevailed .
The 26-year-old had confidently won the mountain time trial in the morning and thus took over the lead in the classification .
104 riders had competed at the final stage in the evening .
No less than starters had fallen victim to the time limit in the mountain time trial .
&quot; I was really happy to start the season restart of a victory , &quot; had explained after his success .
&quot; The sprint was really hectic , &quot; said the 26-year-old
300 meters to the finish simply attracted its &quot; and it also worked out perfectly &quot; .
In accordance with the rules of the World Federation UCI , a Corona test was carried out for all race participants and their companions six days before the start of the race .
of the entire tour , drivers and in insulated hygiene bubbles were separated from the organizing team as well as from the media
Viewers at the start and finish were not allowed .
Control center gave instruction on amateur resuscitation
Düsseldorf Tragic accident on Sunday afternoon in Düsseldorf-Garath .
an apartment house lay a child ( 4 ) while bathing lifeless in the water while bathing .
According to the fire brigade , the emergency call went at just before 13 o &apos;clock
&quot; immediately gave instructions on lay resuscitation , said a fire spokesman to BILD .
The incoming rescuers took over later .
The child floating in a floating child was transported to the university clinic .
Why it died is unclear .
The police routinely opened the investigation into the cause of the accident .
The fire spokesman : &quot; We assume a tragic accident in apartment &quot; .
Nuremberg : Unauthorized - police intervene , 700 vehicles and around 1,100 people
Hundreds of cars and temporarily over 1000 people took part in a tuning meeting on Saturday night &quot; in the parking lot of a furniture store .
The police implemented her to increasingly control such events .
A big tuning meeting took place on Saturday evening ( 25 July ) in Südstadt .
Several hundred vehicles were involved .
According to the Middle Franconia police , at around 10.30 p.m. , the Nuremberg found an increased number of vehicles in the area of one on Ingolstädter Straße at around 10.30 p.m .
the police carried out a large number of vehicle inspections there
Only recently , the police had announced that so-called autoposers wanted to take action .
Illegal tuning meeting in Nuremberg : Only a small part of the &quot; scene &quot;
The officers counted to the top of a good 700 vehicles and about 1,100 people .
Of this , only a small part of this can be assigned to the &quot; autoposer &quot; and tuning scene can be assigned .
Apparently , most of the relevant scene responded to the police appeal .
On the basis of the local vehicles and people , it can be assumed that these were mostly onlookers .
In addition , the majority of those present adhered to the applicable infection protection regulations , compliance with the minimum distance and wearing of a mouth-nose protection .
The on-site control measures were completed at 1 : 00 a.m .
In total , the officials noted such structural changes in 10 vehicles that the operating permit had expired .
Four of these vehicles had to be seized .
No car races
There were no illegal car racing .
&quot; The Middle Franconia police headquarters will keep an eye on the events and will continue to carry out increased control measures , also in connection with the advent of onlookers , &quot; said .
According to Schrödinger , the agency News5 spoke JÃ1 ⁄ 4rgen Schrödinger of the towing company involved : &quot; They all have beautiful ones , we must not , according to Schrödinger .
Special tapes would be used for this .
Even the cars are also broader , the company must make sure not to make them .
&quot; Boys should get their cars back unscathed .
Figures Employment agency : 900 suspected cases of abuse in short-time work
Berlin - The Federal Employment Agency ( BA ) , according to its own statement , investigates around 900 cases of suspicion of abuse in short-time workers &apos; allowance .
&quot; This is extremely little for more than 880,000 companies that have reported short-time work , &quot; said Daniel Terzenbach , who is responsible for the operative business , of the &quot; Allgemeine Zeitung &quot;
When a large number of companies had short-time work at the beginning of the Corona crisis , BA had to react quickly .
Normally , the exam lasts three weeks .
&quot; So time was available to us in this hot phase .
So we will look at final invoices .
There will certainly be a lot to do .
We are not naive and have a long breath &quot; .
Evidence of abuse would often come from affected employees or trade unions .
In addition , the BA uses analysis software to detect abuse patterns .
According to Terzenbach , the BA is preparing for a possible insolvency wave in autumn .
&quot; Will there be significantly more insolvencies than in the previous year ?
The assessments differ , but we arm ourselves in the event of the case and are already training our employees in the processing of applications . &quot;
The figures are still inconspicuous , said Terzenbach .
World Heritage in Potsdam : Party in the New Garden dissolved
Potsdam - On Friday evening , about 40 young people celebrated a party in the New Garden .
The collection was dissolved at o &apos;clock by the Revierfahrer Stiftung Preußische Schlösser und Gärten ( SPSG ) , Foundation said on PNN request .
They then left the park .
On Saturday evening , some young people would have played rugby in the New Garden .
The meadow was cleared by territorial drivers , said SPSG spokesman Frank on Sunday
Again and again there are illegal in the parks
In those of the foundation , there are always accumulations in which the distance and hygiene rules COVID-19 contact ordinance are not complied with .
At the end of June , there was a celebration with people in Park Babelsberg , a week later , people celebrated in the New Garden .
Even without a coronai regulations , the parks are closed at nightfall .
According to the parking regulations , storage on the meadows is prohibited , there are few exceptions .
The foundation has been complaining for some time that visitors would always leave garbage and destroy protected biotopes .
In Berlin , meanwhile , illegal park parties have a dimension .
In the Hasenheide in the district of Neukölln , 5,000 people celebrated an illegal techno party in the Hasenheide of Neukölln
The event was disbanded by the police .
Austria : Mass tests in tourist resort
With hundreds , authorities have responded to one in the popular Wolfgang
The number of confirmed cases increased 48 , like the state authorities in Linz .
More than results were pending in the evening .
Accordingly , many of the young people are in tourism businesses , but at least one holiday guest is tested positive .
Inhabitants guests and tourism staff were asked to stay in their on Saturday night .
The curfew was set at the clock .
&quot; There are cancellations and cancellations of bookings there and there , said the head of the tourism association , Hans Wieser , the dpa .
He also left prematurely .
St. Wolfgang is the most important tourist resort in Upper Austria , with more than 400,000 overnight stays per year .
In a normal , about a third of the guests are German
On Friday , the first infections became publicly known .
The head of the district authority , Alois Lanz , defended on Saturday the behavior of the interns who had celebrated in several and could have become infected there .
&quot; We have all done that in our youth , &quot; he said .
However , two bars were closed on Friday to prevent further infections .
The Tourist Board launched an information campaign to sensitize young employees of the dangers of COVID-19 .
From Saturday , hundreds of employees , locals were tested .
In addition , all guests who were in St. Wolfgang from July were contacted .
The eruption evokes memories of the Austrian ski and party resort of Ischgl in Tyrol , which in the early phase was a center of the Corona spread throughout Europe .
In total , more than 1,500 people in Austria are currently infected with the virus .
in the new infections are Vienna and
Premier League : Man United and Chelsea qualified for Champions League
( dpa ) - English football record champion Manchester United returned to the Champions League after a year of absence .
Red Devils secured third place in Leicester City in the final matchday of the Premier League , Red Devils secured third place in the league by a 2 0 – 0 ) victory for direct competitor Leicester City .
The foxes now have to settle for the Europa League , because the FC passed by and also qualified as fourth in the premier class .
In the fight against the relegation , Aston Villa was allowed to cheer .
Manchester took the lead by a penalty kick Bruno ( 71st minute ) .
a red card for Leicester City in the extra time , Lingard ( 90th + 8 ) scored to the final score .
Chelsea , Champions League round of 16 Oents of FC Bayern won 2-0 ( Wolverhampton Wanderers thanks to Mason Mount + 1 ) and Olivier ( 45th + 4 ) in parallel with 2 – 0 ( 2-0 against Wolverhampton Wanderers thanks to Mason Mount + 1 ) and Olivier ( 45th + 4 .
&quot; That told me a lot of coach Frank , who in his first season as a Chelsea coach also final of the FA Cup against Arsenal in his first season as a Chelsea coach .
Tottenham Hotspur also benefited from the victory over Wolverhampton was also benefited Tottenham Hotspur also benefited from the victory over Wolverhampton with a meagre 1-1 ( 1-0 ) Crystal Palace and finished sixth in the Europa League , also benefited from a victory against Wolverhampton .
Aston Villa decided the long-distance duel with Watford the Bournemouth , but had to tremble at West Ham United for a long time for class preservation for a long time at West Ham United for a long time .
The late leadership of Jack Grealish ( 84th Andrey Yarmolenko ( 85th ) .
The 1 : 1 ( 0 : ) was enough because Watford with 2 : 3 ( 1 : 3 ) at Arsenal
The club , which had three coaches during the season , is relegated after five years of the first division .
Exactly Bournemouth , who could not save herself by a 3 – 1 ( 2 : 1 ) at Everton .
At the end a point
Liverpool FC , which has been the English champion since the end of June , secured Newcastle United 3 – 1 ( 1 – 1 ) at Newcastle United .
99 counters are the value the Reds have ever achieved in one .
Coach Jürgen Klopp and his team narrowly missed the football record
Manchester City holds the record with 100 points in the 2017 – 18 season .
After the first minute , Virgil van Dijk ( 38th ) , Divock Origi ( 59th ) and Sadio Mané ( 89th ) played the match for Liverpool on Sunday .
&quot; It was an extraordinary season for this wonderful club , &quot; van Dijk said after the game , &quot; that should spur us to defend the title .
It will be difficult . &quot;
In the end , the Premier League bosses should also be satisfied in the end .
the Coronavirus crisis had been interrupted in England from 13 to 17 June .
In the meantime , there was even discussion about a premature demolition or the rest of the games on the ground .
After all , the season could be played without special ones - but as in Germany without spectators in the stadiums .
Arrests and violence in demonstrations against Netanyahu
The protests in Israel against Prime Minister Netanyahu are becoming more fierce .
During the night there were violent clashes .
The Israeli police proceeded on the night Sunday in Jerusalem against participants of one against the head of government Binyamin Netanyahu .
Twelve people were arrested for riots , police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld .
The police set other water cannons , the rally .
On Saturday evening , around 6,000 people gathered near Netanyahu &apos;s headquarters on Saturday evening .
They protested against corruption and Netanyahu &apos;s handling with the Corona crisis .
The protesters beat drums , in horns and called on Netanyahu to resign .
One who supported Netanyahu had been arrested , the news site reported &quot; ynet &quot; .
Many other places in Israel , including in front of the head of government &apos;s private villa in the coastal city of Caesarea and in a park in Tel Aviv .
A man after arrested near Tel Aviv because he is suspected of having sprayed pepper spray on demonstrators on a moving car .
One man was arrested after a stabbing attack on a demonstrator in the south of the .
The protester was slightly injured on the neck .
In Jerusalem and Tel there have been several demonstrations against Netanyahu .
The rallies accompany the corruption process against him .
Most recently , Netanyahu was also criticized for his handling of the Corona crisis .
Among other things , he is accused , among other things , premature loosening and a lack of a second corona wave .
The Corona crisis has severely affected the country ’ s economy .
The unemployment rate was last more than 20 percent .
The number of new infections of the coronavirus in Israel has recently rose to ever new record levels .
Accident at Ahlen ( NRW ) - Transporter kracht auf Auto - neun Verletzte - Ruhrgebiet - Bild.de
Ahlen - A rear-end collision caused nine minor injuries on the B58 near Ahlen on Saturday afternoon .
A driver was on the road with her children ( 3 , 5 ) towards Beckum .
Police &quot; Probably she suddenly slowed down because she wanted to turn &quot; .
The driver of a Mercedes transporter who drove behind her must have seen this too late .
He crashed on the car at the back
The accident injured three occupants in the car and six in the transporter were injured .
Several ambulances took them to a surrounding hospital .
North Korea seals border town after Corona suspicion
North Korea has so far seen its own measures to ward off the coronavirus as &quot; luminous success .
Now the country is reporting on one for the first time .
Due to the first official Corona suspicion in the country , North Korea has completely sealed off for fear of a catastrophe .
Despite the strictest epidemiological defensive measures over the past six months , &quot; the malicious virus may have been introduced into the country , &quot; the state media .
The state of emergency was imposed on the border town of Kaesong .
The communist leadership the highest .
If the suspicion case were confirmed , it would be the first official case of infection with Sars-CoV-2 in the closed country .
North Korea , according to its own statements , not a single infection and described its defensive measures as a &quot; luminous success . &quot;
The information was doubted abroad .
The symptoms of the disease were reportedly found in a &quot; one that crossed military demarcation line between South North Korea on July 19 .
The person broke to South Korea three years ago had now returned to the border .
Initially , there was initially no confirmation from South Korea of the crossing of the border within the four kilometre wide and largely mined military buffer zone , there was no confirmation from South Korea .
According to reports from the national news agency Yonhap , South Korea &apos;s military admitted the possibility of an illegal border crossing to North Korea as high .
There are studies on some people
North Korea ’ s own statements on Saturday on suspicion of an emergency meeting of the Politburo of the Labour Party , chaired by ruler Kim Jong Un .
The &quot; dangerous situation in Kaesong could trigger a deadly and destructive catastrophe .
Kim had already ordered on Friday as a preventive measure to &quot; isolate Kaesong completely to and isolate each district and region from others , &quot; it continued .
The person concerned , as well as all the people in Kaesong who had contact with her , had been quarantined .
The central of the party should therefore investigate the &quot; outlier case &quot; as well as the conduct of the responsible military unit and , if necessary , impose harsh punishment .
It is estimated that about 300,000 people live .
City-Ost and noise protection are still under discussion before the summer break
&quot; In addition to environmental issues , committee members will also vote on the development plan for the major project Innenstadtentwicklung-Ost , &quot; says the middle section of the municipal press release on the municipal council meeting on Tuesday , 28 July , at 4.30 p.m. in the Great Hall of the Pforzheim .
Especially the eastern city was controversial until the end .
The majorities for this are scarce , most recently in detail depending on the presence .
An appeal from the economy ( construction of real estate , trade and IT ) not to let the project developed from the citizenry and then by the administration and municipal council not to fail after almost ten years of preparation , criticized project opponents Reinhard Klein criticized as &quot; extra-parliamentary opposition &quot; , &quot; speculation &quot; , &quot; diigration and &quot; conscious false statements &quot; .
&quot; Everyone to know it &quot; , which has been a member of the municipal council for a year as the only representative of the Pforzheim citizens &apos; list .
In fact , according to the Treaties , in this : &quot; I know what I &apos;m talking about &quot; .
According to statements of the city administration , the city cheaper The Technical Town Hall is contrary to statements from the city administration , of the existence of which Klein is convinced of its existence for 8.5 million euros .
This will develop differently from in the town hall and on the part of the proponents from the economy .
The city &apos;s own strength and not an investor : his plan B. One day after Klein , FDP / FW / UB / LED parliamentary group , which also rejects the project , presented an alternative concept .
It also provides for the refurbishment of the town hall , the open keeping of the , the rental of the ex-valley for administrative areas and a small-scale city center redesign ideally with local supports
Environmental issues play central
In addition , environmental issues will play a central role .
Among other things , the local council will vote on the noise action plan .
This includes various measures to protect the population from health noise pollution , caused by road traffic , including many speed reductions .
In a press release , the local German Transport Club welcomes the widespread introduction of Tempo 30 . Those responsible in the city are not innocent that this must be so because they have only contributed to massive car traffic and noise by neglecting bus traffic with thinned out cycles and little for cycling , according to the VCD .
The municipal council also coordinates on the participation of the city of Energy and Climate Protection Agency Pforzheim / Enzkreis
In addition , the agenda also includes accession to the country &apos;s climate protection Pact , the reorganisation of parental contributions in the urban day-care centres and the application for inclusion in the smart city funding of the Confederation are also on the agenda .
Citizens are welcome , but must heed Corona protection measures .
Tim Zimmermann starts the new season with a lot of delay
With half a year delay , Tim Zimmermann will start his premiere season ADAC GT Masters on 31 July .
Before the league of supersports cars can commence regular operation , the first test drives were now pending .
For Zimmermann , it was all about getting to know his Lamborghini Huracan GT3 better .
The Corona crisis has long prevented Zimmermann from being able to begin his first business trip in the new Lamborghini Grasser .
special this was now possible .
The 23-year-old Langenargener shot his first on the Lausitzring and was able to get used to the premiere in the GT3 car .
&quot; There are already a few things that are different from the Porsche , &quot; says Zimmermann .
With the ABS , for example , you have to go the curves differently
But it was really fun . &quot;
Zimmermann also had fun with Steijn , with whom he will share his orange sports car in the GT Masters .
The Dutchman has already been experienced in GT sports despite his only 25 years and was able to help his team-mate many things .
&quot; not a beginner in motorsport , but every new series also entails new challenges , &quot; Zimmermann .
&quot; Steijn and I get each other dazzling and we have also made tremendous progress from session to session at the Lausitzring . &quot;
Right there - at the Lausitzring - the GT Masters will also run its first race .
From July , the 33 supercars will race through Lusatia .
Zimmermann , who is one of 15 series newcomers , knows the track .
In 2015 was most recently in the Motodrom .
&quot; It worked quickly I didn &apos;t have to get little used to the track , &quot; says Zimmermann , who starts for the Friedrichshafen racing community Graf Zeppelin .
&quot; Lausitzring has many fast passages , which you have to meet optimally to be fast &quot; .
As it really is then turns out in two weeks .
&quot; Of course , the teams play it a little , &quot; he says .
&quot; In the end , however , they are great and look forward to the first weekend at the Lausitzring &quot; .
Race in Brandenburg will be the prelude of a crowded calendar .
By the beginning of November , there are seven races until the beginning of November .
At the moment is that no spectators will be admitted - but gives a prominent guest .
In August at the Nürburgring , former Formula 1 driver Niko Hülkenberg will join the GT steering wheel at the Nürburgring .
Transport minister of quarantine decision coldly caught
According to press reports , the British government &apos;s decision to put Spain holidaymakers for weeks after their return has coldly caught the country &apos;s Minister of Transport , according to press reports .
Accordingly , Grant Shapps is currently on holiday , while his colleagues decided on the measure at home on Saturday .
Because of the rising Corona figures , the Cabinet in London removed land from the list of those from whom quarantine requirements are possible .
The new regulation will apply from today , Sunday , so Shapps will also have to quarantine after his return .
In Austria , the government has also imposed quarantine measures on returnees .
But the regulation applies to those who are just on holiday , only from August 1 , and was not introduced overnight .
By the way , Spain has so far been regarded as one of the &quot; safe countries &quot; for which no quarantine of Austria .
&quot; Ministers knew in advance that there is a possibility of quarantine will be imposed on holidaymakers will be imposed on Spain , commented Labour MP Diane Abbot
&quot; But apparently no one has bothered to tell Grant Shapps . &quot;
Almost a month after the end of the Corona emergency in Spain and the expiration of the curfew , the number of infections in the country is increasing again .
Virologists blame the nightlife for the new spread .
Spain is one of the favourite holiday destinations of the British .
The British government is currently advising against unnecessary travel to Spanish , excluding particularly popular Canary Islands and the Balearic Islands , are particularly popular with British holidaymakers .
To date , more than 272,000 infections with the novel coronavirus and more than 28,000 deaths have been recorded in Spain .
Russia : Navy Day Announces Hyperpersonic Weapons for Warships
Russian President Vladimir Putin announced to his country on the Day of the Navy , Russian President Vladimir Putin announced to his country the equipment of the warships with the most modern hypersonic weapons .
With these weapons , which are unique in the world , the fighting capabilities of the Russian naval forces , on Sunday in St. Petersburg at the central naval parade .
According to Interfax , the Ministry of Defense also informed Interfax , the Ministry of Defense also informed about successful tests of the zirconium hypersonic missile built for the Navy .
The hypersonic weapons have a multiple of the speed of sound of about 343 meters per second .
They are considered weapons of the future
Underwater tropedeo will
It was also built on the atomically mountable underwater torpedo Poseidon .
The planned sea drone is planned to destroy coastal targets
The president , who himself also sailed on a military boat , said that this year alone 40 new ships were put into service with the individual fleet units of the country of the world .
Russia has such large coastal area than no other country in the world .
For 300 years , Russia has been protecting reliably for 300 years , Putin said on the nationally acclaimed day .
Also at other Russian coastal towns , too , naval forces celebrated the Day of the navy with parades at other Russian coastal towns
In Syria , Russia fighting alongside ruler Bashar al-Assad , the military demonstrated at a gun show in the Mediterranean port of Tartu .
Ammunition was also fired there .
A video published by the Ministry of Defense was not only warships , a submarine , but combat helicopters and jets .
Hurricane &quot; Hanna &quot; reaches Texas : help difficult because of Corona
Washington - The first hurricane of this year ’ s season encountered ashore in Texas .
Life-threatening floods , winds and heavy rainfall now threatened parts of the US state , the NOAA ) at night ( local time ) .
Governor Greg Abbott for numerous districts .
According to the US media , the rampant in Texas , Abbott said , according to the US media .
called for caution
&quot; Hurricane is an enormous , &quot; Abbott said according to the &quot; Houston &quot;
With a view to the cyclone in Texas , he added , &quot; This challenge is complicated and exacerbated considering that it is sweeping through an area that is the most affected by COVID-19
According to John Hopkins University , 5,000 people have died as a result of the Corona pandemic alone as a result of the Corona pandemic alone .
called to people who would have to leave their homes to caution .
They should &quot; disregard practices we have become accustomed to &quot; , such as wearing masks , said the governor according to CBS .
It is important that everyone kept their distance .
hotel rooms have been made available in some places .
In addition , it should be tested in emergency shelters on Corona .
Damage was initially only reported from the coastal town of Port Mansfield .
Storm warning withdrawn
According to the authorities , &quot; Hanna &quot; had hit the island of Padre Island just before Texas .
The tropical storm had previously been upgraded to a hurricane of the stage .
For the stretch of coastline from Port Mansfield until a storm surge warning was later withdrawn .
Authorities expected a weakening , while &quot; Hanna &quot; continued to move inland and headed for Mexico .
&quot; Douglas &quot; in Hawaii
In the Pacific , hurricane &quot; Douglas &quot; headed towards Hawaii in the night on Sunday with winds of about 150 kilometers per .
However , the hurricane center expected it to weaken further .
According to the forecast , he will be on Sunday ( local time ) near the largest islands in Hawaii - then as a storm just below the hurricane threshold .
The Atlantic expected an above-average active hurricane season this year following a May forecast .
From June to the end of November , up to ten hurricanes are to be expected , of which up to six very strong cyclones , the authorities explains .
On average , there are six hurricanes , three of which develop into major storms .
In view of available climate data and the higher water temperature in the and the Caribbean , the likelihood of a normal season is only 30 , which of a below-average even only ten percent , at that time
US President Donald Trump wrote to Twitter that his administration was in close contact with the states concerned .
Four goals revoked video assistant &quot; Sassuolo
Sassuolos Djuricic scored two goals
Naples - Four goals scored , four goals revoked : Sassuolo Calcio experienced a raven black evening at the 0 : 2 ( 0 : 1 at the SSC Naples in the Italian football league Serie A - and really angry with video assistants of the referee .
&quot; A festival of ungiven goals for .
VAR has never acted hard against a team , &quot; commented the &quot; Corriere dello Sport &quot; .
Host Naples had gone through goal of defense defender Elseid Hisaj in the 8th minute lead in the 32nd acclaimed Filip Djuricic first the .
The Video Assistant Referee ( ) withdrew the hit due to a side position .
Five minutes later , Djuricic shot the ball net again - VAR intervened .
Also the goals of attackers Francesco ( 50th ) and Domenico Berardi ( ) were also withdrawn by the referee team .
In the extra time , the 2-0 final score for Naples and the bitter evening perfect .
&quot; The VAR is worse for Sassuolo than a radar trap of the and Sassuolo like no team .
The new technology sets records , &quot; writes &quot; Gazzetta dello Sport &quot; .
Bayern Munich : Pavard injured
Munich ( dpa - The start into the hot preparation phase for Champions League began with a setback for double winner FC with a setback .
After a short holiday and a few days of training , has to consider after the first team training how he can rebuild his successful defense after Benjamin &apos;s injury .
The Frenchman , who has the third most minutes behind Captain Manuel Neuer and midfielder Kimmich , suffered a gang injury at the left root of the foot threatens to be missing in decisive royal class duels .
In the Munich smuggling weather , the right-wing defender broke off a training match and was driven with a golf kart course .
How long the unrestricted regular player has to pause in the fight for titles is open .
On the round of 16 against Chelsea on 8 August , the final tournament of the 24-year-old , which begins in Lisbon .
The Bavarians , however , do not want to be stopped by the mishap from the training on Sunday .
In his personal triple formula , Flick cited the three attributes he wants to see from his stars on their way to Portugal &apos;s capital .
Quality , intensity and his victorious hungry title collectors in the ideally following 28 days until the king class endgame .
&quot; We simply have the compulsory tasks and trophy
to create something special , &quot; said Flick .
However , until they can deal with the final tournament and previously training camps in the Algarve , the round of 16 against Chelsea is pending .
After the 3 : 0 in the first leg before the Corona break , the Londoners should not become a Bavarian nightmare in the home arena should not become a Bavarian nightmare in the home arena like in the &quot; Finale dahoam &quot; 2012 .
&quot; We have to go through the door .
We win , create good conditions and recharge our batteries with a good game , &quot; Flick demanded .
A test for attunement test will be held on Friday against Olympique Marseille .
With a long speech , Flick had sworn his stars , who had swore to the Double 13 days of vacation on a unique August
31 , he welcomed the Säbener Straße including the new player Edel-Einkauf Leroy Sané , who for the first time after his move from Manchester City , met all the new colleagues in the square for the first time after his move from Manchester City .
&quot; Leroy , like all the new ones , &quot; reported .
But instead of talking about new season , when Sané &amp; Co. are no longer only allowed to train , Flick talked a lot about the current title project of the German series champion .
After days of individual small group training , now in team strength for the Londoners , who , in contrast to the patlick ensemble , are in the playing rhythm .
After that , the Munich team could face a quarter-finals against FC Barcelona and Lionel Messi , the semi-finals are Real Madrid , Manchester Juventus Turin possible opponents .
A way to the final in Lisbon &quot; not quite as easy &quot; emphasized the head coach , who can trust the services of his new assistant Miroslav Klose in training
The World Championship record scorer and Flick know of many common tournament preparation , which is particularly important for the 0-to 100 attunement .
With his current team , working is &quot; a pleasure &quot; , Flick .
The &quot; focus on winning &quot; is the impressive characteristic of his team .
In the tournament with nine-teams , it went to the point .
All of top performers , including the emigrant Thiago and defender David Alaba , whose whereabouts is secured beyond that .
Formula 1 is a special rule to select its world champion
Since it is not possible to drive on the required number of continents , they must improvise the World Cup titles to
All American races were cancelled .
Race calendar is becoming more and more concrete
The race calendar of the current Formula One season continues to take shape .
In addition to the previously confirmed Grand Prix , three more race tracks were added during the week .
In October , the Nürburgring will be driven in Germany and in the Portuguese Portimão .
On November 1 , Lewis Hamilton and Co. will compete for World Championship points at the traditional race track in Imola .
This means that the 2020 race calendar currently includes 13 races .
&quot; We are pleased to continue to achieve big plans for the 2020 season , said Formula 1 boss Chase Carey .
A total of 15 to 18 races will be completed in the premier class of motorsport .
Formula 1 wants to end its Asian season .
Race calendar will be fixed and published in the coming weeks .
the already officially targeted races in Bahrain and Abu Dhabi in December , media reports appearances in Vietnam and Malaysia could take place at the end of November
Regulations require races on three continents
The regulations of Formula 1 require at least races on three continents for the World Championship
if , as currently planned , only two continents are driven , there should be a world champion .
With the help of a special rule , FIA wants to forgive the one , citing exceptional circumstances &quot; because of that .
The traditional start to the season in March had to be cancelled due to the looming corona crisis .
A return to the continent this year is not an issue .
In addition , Formula 1 will not be a guest in America this year
Cancellation meets with criticism in Brazil
Due to the tense corona situation , the races Canada , the USA , Mexico and Brazil will not take place
&quot; We look forward to being with them during the season , &quot; Carey said .
The cancellation of the America races came especially in Brazil : &quot; Reusal was not surprising for us , we cannot accept the reasons for this , &quot; said Tamas Rohonyi , promoter of the Grand Prix in São Paulo .
The number of infections in the São Paulo area is significantly lower than in other regions of Brazil
Those of some teams , not wanting to drive in Brazil would also justify rejection .
We is prepared for the required security measures .
Thunberg : Evil against Donald Trump went around the world
Greta Thunberg talked about her meeting US President Donald Trump
Greta Thunberg was a guest on the well-known latenight show of Stephen Colbert via video clip and revealed in an interview what she had her head during her encounter with Donald Trump .
Klimaatkivistin Greta Thunberg was a guest in a popular US latenight show .
She told others about her against the powerful of the world .
The teenager also talked about her famous &quot; evil &quot; during her encounter with Donald Trump .
New York City - Over the past two years , climate activist Thunberg has attracted attention with tireless commitment to the &quot; Fridays For Future &quot; movement .
Now she spoke in a well-known about her plans in the future and her meeting with US President Donald Trump at the UN Climate Summit last year .
Latenight presenter Stephen Colbert welcomed 17-year-old Thunberg to your show on Tuesday and conducted a longer interview with the Swede .
She spoke not only about fighting against him , but also with the powerful of the world .
&quot; There are some things I was surprised , &quot; she said .
&quot; How far people are going to steer focus away from the climate crisis , &quot; she has shed .
&quot; Everything from organized hate campaigns to threats just because a child is on the streets &quot; she had experienced .
Heads of state and leaders who ridicule them on social media or even trying to silence them find her &quot; funny &quot; , as the reactions show her &quot; because they have no other answer to it . &quot;
It was especially at the end of the interview , when Greta Thunberg was approached about a well-known scene in which she gave a bitter evil look at US president .
UN Climate Summit 2019 in New York , for which the nuist sailed the Atlantic , her gaze was captured by the cameras and has since been seen by countless people .
the short clip a GIF , an animated image that ultimately became one of the most commonly used images for Trump opponents .
But what did 17-year-olds think about the president at that moment ?
When Stephen &apos;s relatively asked question , she answered only for a short time : &quot; To be honest , I think no more needs .
The experienced satirist Colbert had probably not expected a quick-witted answer and disappeared laughing from the picture
With her &quot; How you ? &quot; speech on the principles of climate protection , she stayed on the many .
Ex-Dortmunder Immobile with pack of three for Lazio Rome
Immobile in the race for Europe &apos;s Golden Shoe now par with Bavaria &apos;s Robert Lewandowski .
The former Dortmund Immobile continues to become the top scorer in the Italian .
The former BVB pro contributed three goals in the 5 : ( 1 : 1 ) victory of Lazio Rome at Hellas Verona , including two converted penalty kicks in the two halves .
This means that the 30-year-old now has 34 season goals from the two games of the season before the end - Robert Lewandowski from FC Bayern Munich scored just as many in the past Bundesliga season .
In Italy , Cristiano Ronaldo with goals so far , the Portuguese superstar met Sampdoria Genoa with the leader evening still on Sampdoria Genoa .
Fleetwood Mac co-founder Peter Green died
His life was like a rollercoaster ride : a rapid ascent with Fleetwood Mac it went steeply downhill and then slowly up again .
Now blues rock guitarist Peter Green died at the age of 73 .
Ingenious guitarist , drug junkie , cult plower : The co-founder of the band Fleetwood Mac , Peter Green , is dead .
had died peacefully in his sleep at the age of 73 , family members said on Saturday in an official statement that another statement would be announced for the next few days .
Top musicians like Peter Frampton praised Green as one of the best blues and rock guitarists .
Mick Fleetwood spoke in an emotional reaction of a &quot; monumental loss &quot; for all previous and band Mac .
The drummer Fleetwood and guitarist Green had long since formed legendary band in London in 1967 , and his dreamy instrumental hit &quot; Albatross &quot; is still unforgettable to this day .
The life of musician ( &quot; The End Of The Game &quot; In Skies &quot; ) was like a rollercoaster ride .
With Fleetwood Mac Green experienced a rapid rise the band celebrated their greatest successes but then without him .
There is a dispute because Green wanted to donate to the group for charity .
began to appear in garbes and with a large crucifix
Psychological problems are also said to have played a role .
Three years after its founding , Green left the band in 1970 .
followed a social descent .
The blues rock guitarist suffered from drug abuse and schizophrenia , as biographers reported .
For a long time , Green was treated in psychiatry .
During a large part of the 1970s the musicians of the scene .
He is said to have lived on the street for a time , worked as a cemetery gardener and spent a long time in an Israeli kibbutz .
Green was born in Bethnal , London , the son of a Jewish working-class family .
At a young age he was enthusiastic about B.B. King and Waters .
At the age of eleven he learned his first guitar handles
At the age of 15 , the teenager began playing the guitar and five years later got the chance to stage as a lead guitarist for the instrumental band Peter B &apos;s Looners .
Shortly thereafter , he replaced his idol , Eric Clapton was hired by the Bluesbreakers .
In the middle of the blues boom , Green founded Fleetwood Mac in the summer of 1967 , along with his blues breaks colleagues Mick Fleetwood and John McVie .
The Green composed song &quot; Albatross &quot; gave the group the first number 1 hit in 1968 / 69 and catapulted them at the top music scene .
But the quick ascent soon showed its downsides : Green could not cope with him , his experiments with the drug became more and more extreme .
He later commented on the life between music and addiction in an interview : &quot; Worst , what happened to me , the drugs was the best to land a number 1 hit . &quot;
Towards the end of the decade , Green surprisingly achieved success in 1979 with an album inspired by religious themes in 1979
Fleetwood Mac , meanwhile , swam without him in a new formation on one .
In 1977 , the album &quot; sold more than 40 million copies worldwide .
Despite various small solo successes , he did not make a major comeback until he started in 1996 with a group of musicians friends in 1996 .
British &quot; Daily Telegraph &quot; spoke of a rock star returning to Earth .
Green released several albums with the Peter Green Splinter Group until the band disbanded in 2004 .
He was already a blues legend during his lifetime and with his soft sound one of the most influential guitarists of the past decades .
