Biker reacts at lightning speed and worse
On Friday evening , Am auf sich Landstraße that occurred between Machtolsheim Merklingen and one , in the event of a traffic accident one of the motorcyclist thanks to his quick reaction .
Motorist biker overlooked
A 44-year-old driver wanted to turn left with around her clock VW Merklingen from to coming left the state road on 1230 Machtolsheim direction .
In doing so , she overlooked from the direction of the next 24-year-old Nellingen .
During hand collision and fly away foot brake lever
The biker tried to dodge the car , on the still rear vehicle area .
As a result , grapping process that on Suzuki that of the hand foot brake lever as well as and the demolished driver was no longer the one in a able to brake down .
Presally he steered his green stiffness in the motorcycle green stiffness in the motorcycle next to the and it road rolled out there without coming down .
Bikiker suffers leg injury
the collision with car that suffered the biker of the injury suffered a clinic had to be treated at and in clinic had to be treated one .
Mamming : Corona mass infection 174 harvesters : infected
After a corona mass infection on vegetable farm in Mamming in Lower Bavaria , almost 500 people are defeated and are no longer allowed to leave the farm .
A security service that monitors the ban on nightlife .
A total of 174 harvesters were tested positive for Corona pathogen Sars-CoV-2 , as the Dingolfing-Landau Landratsamt on Saturday evening .
&quot; In order to spread further , we must unfortunately take this step to protect the population , &quot; explained District Administrator Werner Bumeder CSU ( ) .
Previously , in the seven company already employees had already infected this - was that of the occasion series test .
The farm is a large vegetable farm , strawberries , which , cabbage cucumbers and beetroot - the cucumbers for but only inlay glasses .
Mamming municipality is a rural with good residents 3300 not far from Dingolfing with from its great BMW plant .
Bumeder to appealed citizens to rest : &quot; According to information it is closed a group of people &quot; .
On the farm were not infected by infected , employees the separate terrain is now one of surrounded barrier fence .
Greens and gave SPD co-responsibility to the state government .
two opposition factions They threw Prime Minister Markus Söder ( CSU ) cabinet and before his , neglecting the control of shelters from to seasonal workers .
&quot; The bitter may be ordered to take revenge if such infection events must be arranged local lockdowns and regional must be ordered , &quot; said Mistol , JÃ1 ⁄ 4rgen the Managing Director of Parliamentary of the Greens .
The SPD sees this similarly : &quot; After the Corona outbreak of Wiesenhof-Schlachthof in mid-May , we called for a special control program for harvesters with farms in mid-May , &quot; said environmental expert Florian von Brunn .
Especially &quot; Hygiene conditions at the workplace and the living conditions must become the point of view of ours from a controlled manner .
That obviously happened &quot; not .
The &quot; outbreak announcement came with &quot; .
Underground station Gefährlicher Aidenbachstraße : Dispute : after 19-year-old Schubser Gleisbett falls into the
In case of a dispute between a two at the youth group Aidenbachstraße subway station , a 19-year-old fell through Schubser and .
Obersendling Freitag Am ist - it subway station at about 16.15 Aidenbachstraße o &apos;clock one came to two youth groups between dispute two youth groups .
Passer-by One of the alerted police , with stripes . Several
According to the first investigation , Münchner , a 17 ( ) pushed a floor to 19-year-olds pushed a floor .
The young man slipped over the young man and the edge of the platform fell into the track bed into the .
Persons from the helped group 17-year-olds to climb out of the track .
There was no danger from an arriving railway .
According to police , the came , there were again disputes between the two of the people .
The 17-year-old initially fled the scene of the crime , but his personal details could be determined in it .
Accompanied by his father , he went to the police inspection . 29
17-year-olds is investigated for bodily harm .
: Seehofer report urges for longer data retention
Data retention is currently suspended
Horst Federal Minister of the Interior , Seehofer , however , calls for an extension of the storage period .
He wants to strengthen the fight against child abuse .
Federal Minister of the Interior Seehofer Horst ( demands CSU ) extended a data retention media report extended instead of - weeks the envisaged a ten year .
As reported by &quot; Sunday &quot; reports in the picture , Christine Seehofer asked Minister of Justice Lambrecht SPD ( ) in a letter for a change to the law in a letter .
Seehofer wants to strengthen the measures against child abuse .
He considers it sensible to &quot; urgently make urgent adjustments in the already law now &quot; that quotes the newspaper &apos;s letter .
Data retention is currently suspended .
an It decision of the ECJ is expected to do so .
Seehofer , however , wants the changes beforehand , so that they could be applied positively after possible immediate judgment , according to the report in dem .
A spokesman of the Ministry of Justice said that the newspaper could only be reasonfully examined whether it was necessary , legal adjustments , if the courts had ruled .
In the fight against child abuse , child pornography and Seehofer , together with interior ministers , had already spoken out the data retention in the states of June .
: NBA for clipper star Lou Stripclub Trouble Williams
Excitement in NBA the !
Lou 33 Williams ( , ) Basketball pro Angeles Los the Clippers is said to have left the tournament quarter in Disney World Orlando in / Florida one with funeral permit for .
According to US media reports , however , he visited the strip club &quot; Magic &quot; in City Atlanta in the evening .
Williams the , who is supposed to visit ESPN information , is back in , isloation is tested daily on COVID-19 .
Being the reason for visit : Chicken Wings .
Last February year , Sweet &quot; Lou he who is called in NBA , has already expressed love his precisely this for Wings .
wrote The : American &quot; and Magic City Flame Blue ( strip club another , usually in Atlanta usually ) the best have Wings in the city &quot; .
NBA insider Charania Shams announced on Sunday on Twitter that the NBA has announced that Williams has prescribed ten-day quarantine .
So that Clippers-Star of the first two the official games of the after test game phase .
In World , Disney wants to play the NBA at the end of the Corona season .
Currently , 22 are preparing the best with teams training games in the season final starting the night on Friday .
Söder expresses mass infecton corona position to the
- Munich Health Minister Huml Melanie ) ( CSU has already announced a Sunday large farms test offensive for .
This will be press conference on the homepage of our live .
The case in the in Mamming district of Dingolfing-Landau authorities and has startled politics .
On the vegetable farm , large currently nearly 500 countries harvesters from several , a over a third has become infected with corona pathogens .
The farm is now under now and quarantine one is locked off with building fence .
No one is allowed to leave the premises , food .
The good 3300 residents municipality of the authorities offer free . now Corona tests
Since harvesters have had the population who have had little local contact , district office so far , assuming that the infections have spread beyond the non-farm .
&quot; Kemorse &quot; : confession of the alleged arson of Nantes of
My &quot; client has shown himself cooperative , the lawyer Quentin Chabert newspaper said .
The defender : &quot; He greatly regretted that , the deeds confession for was one of him .
His mandate &quot; plagued by remorse of plagued and extent of the destruction of the taken &quot; .
In a case of conviction , according to the man , ten years of prosecutor &apos;s office threaten a fine and imprisonment in the amount of 150,000 euros .
The in St. Peter and Paul &apos;s Cathedral of Nantes was severely damaged in night on Saturday at last week .
Fire was broken into the church , which was far in three places from each other of the church in erupted far from each other .
Laboratory tests on the hardened suspicion of arson .
The Suspect had already been arrested hours a few after the fire .
He was released one by day but again .
as The Volunteer Man works for the diocese and Nantes was responsible for the eve of the fire of the closure for the cathedral .
There was trail for no violent one into intrusion , church which he quickly came into focus of investigators of the .
Discuss the abolition of the 50 1 rule +
DFB President Grindel former Reinhard has recommended to think about the abolition of the + 1 Rule 50 .
The German &quot; football at least should discuss conditions rules clear and for investors before , completed the facts creates EU Commission , &quot; said the Grindel on &quot; Image Sunday .
He stressed : For &quot; those who the clubs can become most likely , on Bavaria and dangerous Dortmund , the + 50 1 rules do not work anyway : see Leverkusen Leipzig . or
Insofar as you get around the debate , not it is not if not necessary , clubs in who want to break the phalanx to facilitate the involvement of investors of . &quot;
However , he has doubts whether there is in German the football league willingness to allow the majority stakes , the Bundesliga is prohibited by the 1-rule 50 + .
&quot; It remains a legal risk to draw a European internal market around the Bundesliga to a business location in investment fences , &quot; Grindel said .
The former DFB boss danger that , the attempts &quot; more , in ensure competitive balance of the to Bundesliga , in the end competitiveness only those of our top clubs at European level , but do not weaken but lead to more excitement in championship of &quot; .
Equal distribution of the self a TV money will achieve no effect decisive .
The &quot; Bayern FC makes a 750 turnover of millions of euros Dortmund , Borussia 500 of RB millions and millions of Leipzig of 300 .
Differences are those among the first three clubs alone are already immense .
The other 15 have clubs of average budget 130 &quot; million explained the . 58-year-old
Look With past that feels on Grindel feels betrayed .
&quot; Unfortunately , there have been people who noticed this mistake and press who have pierced me to address on it &quot; , Grindel said about expensive the adoption of a watch that had led to his resignation in April 2019 .
&quot; That humanly occupied me a lot . &quot;
Gift That worth about 11,000 euros he had received one of functionary Ukrainian .
“ I ’ ve committed compliance violation one , and it was right to draw the consequences , ” Grindel said .
&quot; With ominous watch gift , I am completely transparently unsuspecting and .
Many of them knew DFB &quot; .
He never assured a &quot; gift made out of secret of the gift &quot; assured the , . 58-year-old
&quot; That one call naive , in any case , form this was the complete opposite of corruption of &quot; .
Black &quot; Matter Lives Injured &quot; : and a dead man
Against The police violence protests of the United States have Donald Trump ’ s sharpened by federal police deployment of several in cities .
Saturday Am came in cities between clashes and .
In Louisville people were injured three , people Seattle in 16 .
In Austin a person was killed by shots , while a demonstration march crossed a straight .
had previously come to it during protests Portland racism against police violence and again clashes .
The security forces of the including officials , the federal police in used tear gas on Saturday of the night and drove demonstrators .
Hundreds of partly armed protesters on Saturday Louisville marched through , Kentucky and those responsible that the for Breonna death Taylor should be held accountable .
The old 26-year-old student in had been shot at a March drug raid in Louisville &apos;s apartment .
the target raid was someone who did not live there , and also no drugs were found .
As Saturday on a member of a group that , referred to themselves as self-alliance armed Americans black , fired a shot three , people were injured .
According to NBC broadcaster , hospital they were taken to the hospital .
None of them were in mortal danger .
The barricades police lined up because counter-demonstrators had also formed a white militia .
The two groups did not ultimately come to the two .
In Austin Texas , a person was shot in the &quot; a Lives &quot; Black Matter demonstration and was shot .
Police who after took his own in a information custody suspects .
More details on information circumstances that the act she has not made so far .
Mayor Steve , according to Adler , told the New &quot; Times &quot; York that he was , in many of those like city , &quot; inconsolably stunned and &quot; because of what had happened .
In the metropolis , too , American Seattle engaged in the clashes with police on Saturday .
put in front of a youth prison in construction truck fire , police glare grenades and put a pepper spray .
According to &quot; Seattle the &quot; , 16 Times people were arrested against resistance for police officers or bodily harm .
The City In in Oakland California was put a fire in courthouse in .
small of a demonstrator group had hit windows fireworks and , shot down police officers with lasers , police who told Oakland from late ( Saturday night ) local time .
This could be quickly extinguished again .
In the suburb of Aurora , a Colorado in of Denver , a crowd drove by car one , crowd on one that demonstrated .
the police As , one fired the protesters gun one and person was taken at least one to the injured hospital .
In addition , there was also a court in broken windows and fire was put as the police reported .
investigations were opened .
Rakoczy in Bad Kissingen : Corona Defy historical costumes
Although great break was lacking in the spa town , visitors enjoyed the and performers of the Rakoczy flair alternative program .
It was unusual visitors for , and performers : Organizers Rakoczy Weekend That without Rakoczy Festival .
: But even if large the party mile of the in , downtown the crowds lacked program highlights and how , Saale burns or Rakoczy-Ball procession , so many alternative program at the Corona-compliant came on their own .
&quot; I think we spread rakoczy flair , &quot; says Thormann CEO Sylvie .
The guests would have accepted it well .
In principle , one return to the beginnings of the Rakoczy festival , as well as the historical of the festival .
Pleasant atmosphere
Vesna Konhäuser visits with more of her since husband years always than 25 Rakoczy festival for Bad Kissingen .
also this time in the Corona year .
That has made couple it Luitpolold Casino has made themselves on , making the historical watching and listening strolling Cuban of the casino restaurant strolling at the live music casino restaurant .
&quot; I also find it quite pleasant , &quot; says Konhäuser .
She , who miss crowds who do not belong to Rakoczy .
For this , however , you lacks the program highlights usual above all Saale on the burns on Friday evening as well as the procade historical the and on the final fireworks Sunday evening .
&quot; &apos;s a pity That &apos;s a pity .
That would have been year weather this &apos; super fit , says . she
Rakoczy equestrian tournament to take place again
For performers that of the spa guests historical , the alternative program work .
About gold for Christina , in which a normal procession during the year and participates there on the carriage of the Kurgartencafés can be seen .
This was year on Saturdays and Sundays to walk in costume foot in city of the road .
&quot; That &apos;s more strenuous otherwise , we have it more easily , &quot; she says .
He had less equestrian club less to do even if Reiter Park individuals were on the road .
&quot; We very much hope that , equestrian quadrille the year will take place again , &quot; says Ulrike , Chairman Waldhofen .
She announced that several Rakoczy equestrian tournament would take place again after a break in 2021 .
28 Corona cases Spanish with second division clubs Fuenlabrada
The Spanish second division football club CF Fuenlabrada is sliding deeper into crisis because of an increasingly Corona outbreak .
the newcomer Since the near Corona Falls Madrid despite the first on 20 to July the one Coruña flown in game City A Coruña , followed by a low strike next .
By Sunday or players 28 team members had been positive , one had been tested to the hospital , club announced .
from Fuenlabrada of the city of the same name from the southwest , Madrid still had a chance to reach the promotion playoffs .
Now he even threatens the relegation to the league &apos;s second B-Group .
The match against Deportivo La Coruña was cancelled Monday last at the moment the prosecution for investigating a possible crime against health public , the top sports authority CSD considering the relegation of the club .
The as well as player team members others are sitting in a hotel quarantine .
to the &quot; Until day sixth of quarantine none they have towel fresh no and gel &quot; , which wrote sports newspaper &quot; AS .
On photos you can be seen , to players like underwear and club clothes had hung up their rooms in drying in hotel after they themselves had to wash them themselves .
bed linen has not been changed for five a days .
Another problem is the food
Neither is it nor good , &quot; wrote . &quot; AS
The club management , on the other hand , said , with satisfied Hotel dem .
The accusation of deliberately endangering health public deliberately , lawyer of the club Tebas Javier Llanas , rejected .
One had not stressed the Corona rules imposed against football association by the violated Corona rules , son of the president of the Primera Division Spanish Javier , Tebas like , the Europe News Agency and the press sports newspaper &quot; reported Marca &quot; .
Before departure , there were four infected people until 19 July , all who were isolated and did not travelled with them .
before direct flight after Monday at Coruña A , all and player team members had been tested again .
When the team was already in Coruña A , Corona test was positive at five six &quot; or more &quot; of the team members .
The game was cancelled minutes 60 before kick-off , Tebas told Llanas .
Police steam compartment at having to catch torn out horses
Two animals were on the way of the street .
Police them that led her back to her owner .
Sunday Morning At 6 o &apos;clock a road user shared two feeder free on horses to the feeder between the confluence of Donnersdorf / Steinsfeld of the and the motorway junction .
At the arrival of the officials , the horses were again the feeder between and the village of Dampfach .
shortly after the steamers could be won by officials , these could be transferred in the patrol car a carried rope in the patrol car .
Professional cyclist Tony Martin : Career continuel imaginable
Time trial specialist Martin Tony thinks about a continuation of his career
/ Frankfurt Main The seven-time Martin Tony time-trial world champion can well imagine his cycling career
&quot; I just put the team with the framework conditions , which could continue as in and form , &quot; said 35-year-old of the &quot; Allgemeine Frankfurter . Sonntagszeitung &quot;
Martin is employed by the currently Dutch team Jumbo-Visma and before Corona break which was considering to end his after career year this .
the team negotiations with it is also about the number of race days he said .
Or other problems him , which plagued family man as if Martin , said .
In the past he was after a fall , got up first and that was thought : was again &quot; Quick on the back .
Today I think father of a small one would be daughter : What if . , &quot;
The professional cyclist acknowledged that there were aspects that , with which he is increasingly difficult with .
&quot; But I did well , from which on the basis of Corona time to what I have , cycling and how much I enjoy it . &quot;
The time-trial specialist of the competition event at Tour de ( l Ain &apos; 5. to August 9 in again ) .
Bavaria : At least four dead on Bavaria &apos;s streets
This attracts beautiful weather bikers onto the streets in many places .
For three at least people ends with the tour motorcycle the . deadly
Even 18 a year pedestrians dies old .
Schönthal At - Bavaria &apos;s accidents on the streets weekend several , mostly young people died on the streets weekend .
18 A motorcyclist years old Saturday was captured Schönthal at the near Cham district ( of ) a car that came on counter lane .
Chariot of the why that had come up , counter lane . initially unclear
In Upper Bavaria collided a 22-year-old of a machine of horse-drawn carriage .
He was on the road with police Beilngries . downhill
of an In bolided left turn against him carriage .
His injuries were so severe , he died at the scene of the accident on .
Of the inmates of carriage twelve , seriously man one and one man was slightly injured , as police reported the .
In another accident in the fatal Bad Kötzting Upper Palatinate 18-year-old died in another accident in the fatal Bad Kötzting .
He had laid down on the night of the on Sunday one and road by being overrun by a 42-year-old motorist .
According to the guess police the 18-year-old wanted to sleep .
He could not brake more motorists in time .
At Schönberg ( district Freyung-Grafenau ) on Saturday a year old 57 bikers in a right turn of emergency braking despite a head-on against car .
He died at the scene of the accident .
The 57-year-old driver , shock the rest in Auto drei remained uninjured .
Safety The of motorcyclists of Saturday Transport Minister Bavaria Kerstin Schreyer CSU ( ) .
In a letter organizer that of the announced biker protests August driving bans against , Gabor Kovacs the Minister , referred to investments such as extensive underride protection and the guardrails defusing more dangerous .
&quot; For the safety of the motorcyclists have achieved a lot in the years , &quot; it said .
Number &quot; The motorized two-wheelers decreased by around 28 percent compared to 2011 . &quot;
Kovac tests Monaco against Frankfurt
Main Frankfurt / ( ) dpa - Football Trainer For Niko , Kovac with his new club Monaco AS with Eintracht Frankfurt with his new club Monaco AS .
Eight times The French champion on August 1 ( 18.00 ) at , Hesse former that of the Croatian Club .
the For Bundesliga club it is the only first endurance test and before return leg in the Europa League the against FC Basel 6 . ( . ) August
Because of the coronavirus pandemic the encounter spectators is held without .
&quot; We look forward to this game in particular .
It is always nice to come to Frankfurt and meet friends &quot; explained , Kovac .
is sporty that is an interesting one , test said the 48-year-old
Before moving to his FC München Bayern the Kovac had trained from Hesse until 2016 2018 and led to victory in the DFB-Pokal .
&quot; An opponent of top-class like one , Monaco is a good test in terms of game against Basel .
Like all Frankfurt residents , I &apos;m looking forward to goodbye Niko Kovac , &quot; Eintracht coach said Hütter Adi .
The 50-year-old Austrian had taken up Eintracht in which the succession of the Croat .
In March , Frankfurter had lost the round of 16 to the first leg in Basel with their own stadium 3-0 in Basel with their own stadium .
50 new infections Fast Landkreis : Hof just past the lockdown
District In the courtyard number that of the Corona new infections on the known weekend has increased further from : on Friday and 39 43 Saturdays on ( one recovered and people is not this in more than 47 on statistics ) Sunday on .
In addition , there is one of the city in Hof .
Thus , the farm is approaching from the critical 50 mark of new infections 100,000 inhabitants per week in .
700 monsoon rain dead through in Southeast Asia
the severe floods in Southeast Asia are more 9 million than affected people mainly , especially in Bangladesh , India . and Nepal
Due to strong monsoon rain , 700 total people were killed .
Bangladesh In the crescent Red in the boats isolated to reach people .
Villages Whole are under water .
The farmers have lost their crops .
Tank rhinoceroses National Park in the landslides through
In Kaziranga National Park , tank rhinoceroses died several 120 from the landslides .
They are under and are considered to be endangered of extinction .
Year In this year , floods are bad the especially what to attribute to scientists of climate change .
According to Bangladesh , the United Nations , a nation is one of the countries affected by global warming in the country .
stand new empty apartments
In the Cox &apos;s village of Bazar in the south of Bangladesh , 650 of the 650 for state apartments 650 has built the displaced persons by flooding .
So far , few have only moved in .
It is difficult Cox to bring people to s &apos;zu Bazaar .
Grenezn is also in enthusiasm .
Anyone who had an earlier house , it was also so small and a like cottage , often does not want to spend big life in apartment block .
Apartments Many stand , empty but - so it will the - government should soon be occupied from those who have lost their house due to lost floods .
60 new corona new infections by day in Vienna
In a 24-hour comparison in 60 Vienna Corona new infections were reported - in Lower Austria there were 22 new infections .
The Landessanitätsdirektion Wien medizinische und der Krisenstab Stadt Wien , which regularly inform the current and other key figures : at the stand COVID-19 virus Sunday , July 26 , 2020 8 : 00 a.m. , are in Vienna 4,840 ( + positive tests 60 confirmed ) .
The number of virus related to standing deaths is 204 . unchanged
( 4,090 48 + are recovered persons ) .
22 Coronavirus infections in new Lower Austria in
Number The coronavirus infections in Lower Austria have risen by 3,288 22 to now on Sunday .
According to the medical staff .
This increases the number of those recovered on 2,936 .
Covid-19 were 247 in the federal state of patients 247 in the federal state .
So far , 147,253 tests have been carried out so far .
105 people in died . who was associated with lung disease
rejects counteroffer Argentina the creditors
The new demands could not be met , the Ministry of Economy in Buenos Aires on Saturday .
This &quot; would not only be irresponsible but , unjust , also called &quot; , it called one in .
&quot; While 50 of the children percent live in Argentina poverty , we can not live in the short term the profits of our creditors in the short term &quot; .
The second largest of the debt economy are in South America on current no more conditions .
For this reason , Argentina calls on its private creditors to renounce its share receivables of around 66 billion US dollars ( billions of euros 59 around ) .
If no one comes to an agreement , the country threatens again .
the It ninth would be default of the Argentine in history .
Finally , the lenders had demanded higher interest rates on government bonds and contractual clauses changes to some .
The Argentine government , however , keeps to its last firm offer is and to none .
Argentina is a serious in financial and economic crisis and .
The inflation rate was last more than percent 50 .
Experts running for the year expect one of the economic power to decline ten . Percent around
May At the end of Argentina did not have interest receivables in 503 amount of US $ million in interest claims did not have and was settled into a slipped limited default .
Professional - not arrived privately not yet
&quot; It &apos;s going super well &quot; - this conclusion Dr. Stefanie draws Kramer after her days first in the notary in Eggenfelden .
End Everything went very quickly : Dr. Mitte has informed Stefanie Mai Kramer that she will succeed Lutz von Feller to the notary office Eggenfeldener the succession of Lutz von Feller at the notarial office Eggenfeldener .
Already six weeks , later in the beginning of July the lawyer took her doctorate on work normal the running day-to-day business on long full speed .
&quot; Privately , however , I still have to arrive privately , &quot; she explains Rottaler with the laughs Anzeiger and .
The short , of course , lead time was not enough to move from the center of life completely Regensburg to Eggenfelden , Dingolfingerin the native .
with Aktuell sei Mann sie ihr der , as Regensburg is a judge in the district court , looking for suitable an apartment or a house in town .
at least her short-term husband could still apply for parental leave in order to be able to ensure the care of the two ( daughters 3 ½ and old 1 years ½ ) .
In order not to commute every day from Regensburg , she too had to declared an overnight stay with her dingolfing in parents , the 39-year-old .
Growing up in the neighboring district it is , Eggenfelden city has of course long term one .
During visits on site with her family past in months then she have noticed again : is &quot; an Eggenfelden small town is beautiful right . &quot;
she was all the more pleased she have made her that , in the selection process free around which the race had made .
Dr. Kramers in Stefanie Werdegang beruflichem also plays a role in her Lower Bavaria plays a role : central After studying law , her legal traineeship and state examination 2. in Regensburg in Passau .
After several notary assessessor positions among others under , in and Rehau Hof in Upper Franconia , in the Babenhausen Unterallgäu and Regensburg - during this time she also shouldered &quot; the &quot; doctorate in employment law - in 2012 first her position as notary as Rotthalmünster in the district of Passau .
In 2016 , she moved on parental leave in 2016 , followed by the move to Regensburg .
Since then , she has taken over notary positions in various .
When the job Eggenfelden had been advertised in because of the approaching Lutz Ruhestands Feller , she had seen the right time for the full return professional , 39-year-old explains the .
Team The predecessor of her , holiday representation in the future who will take over to the notary office , Stefanie has taken over Dr. Kramer completely and has - an equal for praise that of the team ready law firm : runs &quot; super good It &quot; !
The fact that they rely on well-rehearsed processes makes it easier for her to take care of the relocation of the upcoming private point of life .
Nursery Things In has already taken crib places respectively they has already made in contact local one .
everything works out And , as desired she hopes to be able to pursue her hobby here too soon - and to get to know the most beautiful of the Rottal jogging tracks .
plans for the BVB 15,000 league start with maximum spectators
The Dortmund German largest football stadium in Dortmund season start will be filled in a fan return not even percent 20 filled in a fan return .
&quot; Due to the distance regulation of which must be observed , we are planning stand with current to 12,000 spectators 15,000 &quot; Borussia , said managing director of Dortmunds Carsten to the Cramer &quot; Tagesspiegel &quot; .
Usually the Bundesliga matches in the arena at Revierstadt Bundesliga matches holds a little more than spectators . 81,000
In the ghost games of the past season caused by the Corona pandemic , BVB had lost four million euros per game .
The internationalization , which is responsible for the marketing BVB , and digitization Cramer , in addition to the normal also spectator seats , the some approximately 4000 seats in the hospitality area can be opened : &quot; It is of course a blow , of course , if into the office , these revenues break completely . &quot;
In view of the ongoing Corona crisis is currently &quot; all , advising to take a page length &quot; .
&quot; If many companies are not good and millions of people 6.8 in Germany in alone short-time work , need then entertainment is the on , limited &quot; Cramer .
The Dortmunder praised the BVB professionals marketing boss their for , the salary partial waiver overcoming the crisis of &quot; : Of course , players know that the salary waiver their has a different effect when , we 100 , people working in merchandising , put on short-time work &quot; .
Wonders : Tiny early start in one with life few hundred grams
heavier barly than butter packerl one , just tablespoons three times his blood in body : whole was That Gabriel he was born as - weighed 273 exactly he grams .
He is the boy of a 400 of around premature babies , which are taken ed of annually by Graz at the children &apos;s clinic .
A quarter of them weighs than a few grams of 1,500 one , few like - and his Gabriel Michael Raphael brothers and - are with extreme lightweight once a non-birth weight kilogram .
They are so small and so early that lungs are neither intestines , nor , completely muscles nor developed .
Your skin is sometimes so that they could delicately electrode that of an injured ECG .
And they are so tiny that doll &apos;s clothing sometimes wear them and wear specially mini diapers made for them .
But so , not that small they would not be with voice &quot; - and like &quot; Berndt smiles , Urlesberger .
Even if quite naturally they do not scream as loud as big &quot; babies .
When whiteboard becomes the stage
Despite Corona Theater classrooms : in the whiteboard as a stage shortly before the start of the holiday 9th grade St. James Gymnasium of the in . Abtsgmünd
Actress Julia Sylvester from the city of Aalen Theater presented the production &quot; Das Heimatkleid - und &quot; to the students .
Afterwards , the students were able to exchange this about Tobias Stück with Skype from the actress to the and Winfried director about Tobias Stück and the performance .
This was an idea for the corona situation current in the performance format .
Teacher Teresa pleased Nar about the teaching enrichment .
Even if everyone agrees that they were direct in the encounter theater still stage space and additional charuli , one can also see theater in also the potential for the contact in schools .
If the &quot; technical we frame further improve one , could be interesting to complement game operation , &quot; stressed Winfried director .
First drawn round The : 1860 would meet TSV in the DFB-Pokal on Frankfurt Eintracht
Should 1860 he qualify for TSV the DFB-Pokal in 1860 , Löwen met in the first round of Eintracht on Frankfurt .
This resulted in draw the Sunday on .
Sixty Munich - possible opponent in the first round of the DFB-Pokals des steht fest .
The lions of one at successful qualifications would meet Eintracht . Meet Frankfurt
This yielded the Sunday night draw in the ARD sports show
Because the corona pandemic field of participants has not yet come completely , at the draw placeholders .
Due to the abandonment of semi-final opponents of volunteer Memmingen , FC TSV the 1860 is already in the final in the Zero Cup Bavarian or 4 ( 5 September ) .
There lions meet either the or Würzburger Kickers Aschaffenburg Viktoria .
Should second division newcomer Würzburg reach the final , Sechzig would already be qualified for fix the round first in DFB-Pokal
Otherwise , the Giesinger would have to prevail in the final Regionalligist against Aschaffenburg .
first The DFB-Pokals of the round will be held between 11 , 14 and thus September one week before the third division start
&quot; Winds From the &quot; : film legend Olivia is de Havilland is dead
The Oscar winner and film legend Olivia de Havilland is dead .
be died on you in Paris Sunday 104 with natural years death of one , confirmed the spokeswoman German Press Agency .
Her Havilland was known for her role Hamilton in the Melanie South epic &quot; Gone with the Wind &quot; ( ) 1939 .
Born in Tokyo as a child , Olivia de moved to California as an Havilland still a toddler to California as an Havilland .
The Austrian theatre man Reinhardt discovered Max 19-year-old in the role of Hermia Shakespeare of &quot; Midsummer Night &apos;s Dream &quot; .
Film Studio The Warner took Brothers them seven just under for years and contract she brought to the Eroll side Flynn .
She made films with a heartbreaker .
In 1946 she won Oscar first of the leading role in &quot; To Each His . Own &quot;
The film was shown in Germany under the title &quot; .
Three years later came the award for best in William Actress Wler &apos;s The &quot; Heiress ( ) The Inress .
Much recognition was given as her also neurotic in eccentric &quot; dark The and &quot; Mirror Snake Pit &quot; The Granent &quot; .
du Daphne Maurier proposed for 1952 in the leading role of the film adaptation of her novel My Cousin Rachel &quot; .
This one piece was a worldwide success .
With her Bette girlfriend Davis many years played in her for &quot; Lullaby of a corpse &quot; .
From the marriage of his son to the writer Marcus in 1946 to Goodrich ( ) in 1953 .
In Paris de Havilland married the Pierre journalist Paul Galante and the daughter with Gisèle him .
The marriage also broke down .
about rumors affair one with former Prime Minister British , however , Edward Heath , however , were never confirmed .
Road Timmendorf &quot; to Beachvolleyball &quot; : Thole / Wickler miss final comeback at
The World Cup second Thole Julius Clemens and missed &quot; Timmendorf to Finale &quot; at the Wickler beach volleyball tournament Road &quot; Timmendorf to Finale das &quot; at the Wickler beach volleyball tournament Road .
At the Top Teams Düsseldorf in the semifinals national team colleagues lost their Nils and Lars Ehlers Flüggen : 1 2 17 : ( 21 , 17 : 19 , : ) 21 .
Most recently Thole / had played in the winder last year at the Tour Final World in Rome .
Endspiel Im Rhein ihre am kerten Bezwinger Flüggen Ehlers / das gegen Überraschungsteam Lukas and his Pfretschner interim partner Steven van de 0 with Velde 2 : 17 ( 21 17 : , 21 : ) .
In addition to the show tournament three , the starting places were played for the early German championships in September Timmendorfer Strand : The tickets were secured by Armin by Dollinger Simon / Kulzer Manuel , / Harms Peemüller Richard and Simon Pfretschner / Sievers Milan .
Kalbitz ejection from confirmed AfD - speaks of FDP &quot; fig leaf
The expulsion of Andreas von Kalbitz is the from the AfD of the FDP point of view only a &quot; fig leaf &quot; and does not change the character party of the .
The &quot; AfD is the arm of parliamentary right-wing extremists in Germany .
Kalbitz is Andreas only part of the top in iceberg of the AfD radicals , &quot; said Benjamin FDP interior politician Strasser of the news agency dpa .
The Federal Arbitration Court AfD had held the Saturday in to Stuttgart hearing of several hours of exclusion from the Kalbitz , confirming the Federal Executive Board of the majority in May .
is chairman of Kalbitz of the AfD faction Brandenburger Landtag .
&quot; If the AfD were really concerned with right-wing extremists to consistently remove them from the party , functionaries would have been ruled elled Björn and like Höcke his long supporters would have been excluded , &quot; said Strasser .
&quot; However , there is no will for this in the AfD political , because right-wing extremism is now part of the meantime &quot; party .
Similarly , Markus said : CSU General Secretary Blume &quot; That Kalbitz Andreas is excluded , now says nothing changed and &quot; nothing said he world &quot; on Sunday &quot;
&quot; Rather , there are volumes about how many a frenetic supporter still has in the midst of the right-wing extremists in AfD . &quot;
Blume assumes that AfD , in elections that will end up again under five in the future . Percent
&quot; The Days AfD who are counted in parliaments &quot; .
Kalbitz was spokesman of one of the now the &quot; dissolved &quot; wing around Thuringia , the AfD state Björn and group chairman Höcke ; Verfassungsschutz classifies the stint &quot; as a secure right-wing extremist aspiration &quot; .
May In Kalbitz had thrown out the AfD federal board of the party
As there was reason that he had Kalbitz had not given his membership in the banned now far-right &quot; Deutsche Jugend Heimattreuen ( &quot; ) HDJ with and the Republicans .
Kalbitz membership denies the one in the HDJ .
the chairman of the left faction in the Brandenburg Sebastian Landtag , Walter , emphasized the decision of the Federal Arbitration Court did not change the character of the : AfD &quot; The wolf has only eaten chalk .
The AfD remains a far-right party , whether calfice with or without . &quot;
Neither with this decision the Federal Party nor weakened wing of the .
Maneuver The &apos; of the transparent . is Meuthen-Truppe
a one wants to further observation constitutional protection the through and escape the trying to get through radar , &quot; said Walter
&quot; The AfD won &apos;t get rid of ghosts she called .
A changed expulsion because nothing &quot; , the SPD Secretary-General Brandenburger Stohn on the Erik decision in the Kalbitz case .
Here &quot; AfD state association and the parliamentary group held the right-wing leaders to this day &quot; .
The legal dispute that of membership Kalbitz the in AfD will continue .
He announced that he would proceed on Saturday against decision of the Federal Arbitration Court now .
North Sea wind farms provide a good 21 percent more electricity
Wind power plants on those of the North Sea Germans have fed the first six in the year of the terawatt hours 11.51 into electricity grid that .
That is a good 21 percent more than in the period of the same previous year , the network operators in Tennet Bayreuth .
Tennet is responsible for transferring the North Sea electricity to the mainland and the forwarding through the German electricity grid .
The wind turbines on , the Baltic Sea to the non-grid area of Tennet , have further terawatt hours of 2.22 TWh ( fed ) of electricity .
the total comes from wind power and the North thus Baltic Sea to TWh 13.73 , 11.64 compared to a good TWh first in the half of 2019 .
The sea on Windernte thus accounts for almost percent of 19 wind power from the entire of Germany ; for example , this is four percentage points more than a year ago .
Wind farms provide new ones for higher generation capacities
The increased contribution of offshore wind energy which results in the higher generation capacities in addition to wind conditions higher , generating capacities because in twelve past twelve months new wind farms are grid .
If the 1270 in wind power plants of the North Sea were all with power at the same time , they could generate electricity 6.7 gigawatts .
The transmission capacity is sufficient for this ; according to 7.1 tennet , it is gigawatts .
By 2030 , it is expected to rise the German gigawatt 17 , which is German on the North Sea , is to rise by 2030 .
&quot; In and in Germany Netherlands the so far we have been investing 20 billion in euros billion the expansion of offshore grid connections who said , &quot; Tennis Managing Director Tim . Meyerjürgens
of the In wind farms can not reach reality also sea on their , capacity do not reach but about 40 . percent
Previous this record day in year 2 is January , when North Sea wind farms produced more than six electricity gigawatts .
In the North Sea wind turbines , the 2.5 about gigawatts to 3.0 electricity , which corresponds to three to four nuclear power plants .
This could supply seven almost households could be supplied millions of electricity to seven households .
&quot; Kunst &quot; Skirmish - an exhibition by the artist Leipziger Christian in Galerie Bold der Gmünder of the Kunstverein
almost one The small was anniversary celebration to the . 130
of the birthday of Gmünder Kunstverein : The exhibition opening Skirmish &quot; Works &quot; with the Leipzig Bold artist Christian blew up the frame after the Corona break .
Many more art lovers usually pursued Professor Ripper Dr. . Klaus , who was usually used as a dialogue between the artist and the chairman of the Kunstverein , Professor Ripper Dr. . Klaus .
Equivalent musical The volume &quot; delivered the Defenders the of Universe on &quot; to the southern . Kornhausplatz
the Northern Gallery , the Sandtogether Association &quot; . &quot;
: Windbergfest Freital cancelled due to Corona
The Windbergfest will not take place in this not year .
The Freital city in September has cancelled the planned festival for three days .
In years others over people had 30,000 city festivals .
&quot; We have made it easy for ourselves to decide this truly not easy - and in the awareness of how economically it is for the - participants last to the minute &quot; , Lord Mayor explained ( Uwe Rumberg ) .
But &quot; ultimately we organizers as here are responsible for the health for many people thousands . &quot;
If tens of thousands of fixed grounds had been able to this and the marquee would have been minimum intervals , hygiene regulations , as well as a current corona protection regulation could not be complied with .
Or restrictions that would have been strong so that of , folk festival one would not have had much left .
In addition , the organisational and monitoring effort would increase disproportionately many times over .
Rumberg consoled year . next
Then the celebrates its city of Freital existence 100th under with the Winterbergfest others from 9 July and May 2021 the Saxony Day of the 10th from 12 to September 2021
Dressage Olympic champion in Werth to Achleiten do not beat
Achleiten - Olympic champion The six-time Isabell , Werth was the outstanding rider at the dressage tournament .
The Rheinberg 51-year-old won four starts on the weekend . Four
After prelude Weihegold with and each Quantaz had won a Grand , Prix was also in the Sunday Prix Grand Special and in not the freestyle .
On the mare Weihegold 15-year-old Werth Sonntag Special prevailed in the Austrian woman Abegglen , who was clearly against Victoria Max-Theur Austrian Abegglen .
in Auch Kür der die Deutsche Samstag auf am vor Quantaz of their clearly 34-year-old student Max-Theurer Victoria .
Werths Quantaz winning horse . belongs to Max-Theurer
The most successful dressage rider in the world is to establish it in the ten-year-old stallion Prix Grand .
For it Quantaz was the first the ever freestyle .
at the first already tournament three in Achleiten had won all the exams important four before Werth weeks ago .
The last The three of the international tournaments for there is scheduled there the 14th to 16 August .
Future to more Worms air traffic controllers in the future
The Wormser goes on to the university : The &quot; Lüfte DFS Deutsche &quot; donates air traffic control professorship for Air Traffic &quot; Management . &quot;
A between the contract of the and the university was now signed by the DFS in Worms .
The contract was initially concluded for and started for three years in 2021 .
With professorship there is the start of the studies , possibility not only in the summer , but also in the winter semester .
This means that many can become twice as trained students so far as .
At the same time , the capacities in both the university and at the air traffic control academy of the DFS are evenly utilized .
The DFS will advise the university institution at the and appointment professorship of the .
on 2019 Since the university represented
Since the summer semester 2019 , the air traffic controllers in the first students of their framework training air traffic controllers to study at the Worms University of Applied Sciences in Traffic Management .
He was already started for nine years .
the So far , experiences are very of the DFS , which are positive that of the achievements students are outstanding .
The combination of studying pilot training and contributes significantly to further increasing the attractiveness of the pilot profession .
In &apos; these times the promotion is easily not economic .
But we firmly expect that air traffic to recover and grow again in the long term .
In order to be able to meet the future in our legal order , we highly qualified staff , &quot; says Professor Scheurle Klaus-Dieter , Chairman of the Managing Director of DFS at the signing of the contract .
&quot; DFS the For is the future-proof endowed professorship is an investment air traffic controllers that will convey a long-term broad professional , knowledge base overarching .
We continue cooperation which therefore with good of the and college at the same time underpinning attractiveness of our as &apos; employers .
This is also underlined by Professor Jens Dr. Hermsdorf , President Worms of the University &quot; : Endowed Professorship The important one forms a bridge and between science industry .
With it , we would like to build on the already existing DFS Deutsche Praxispartner Flugsicherung as the bachelor &apos;s degree programme in Air Traffic Management &quot; .
The trust of the air traffic control Germans for the university and Worm &apos;s motivation at the same time to further expand their teaching and research competence and in the fields of the future that of air transport in the fields of the future .
In use for air traffic controllers the tomorrow college can set the one of the first with endowed professorship first for a completely dual course of study highlights and special innovative focuses for students .
Dr. Alt , Denis at the Ministry of State Secretary for Science , Continuing Education and Culture , emphasises : &quot; The university has a unique selling proposition in Rhineland-Palatinate .
The signing cooperation agreement today strengthens that of the profile . &quot;
lands rescue helicopters on the 45 A
About 30 minutes which was 45 at the highway A Saturday afternoon towards full Aschaffenburg , after as a rescue helicopter traffic accident that was in action .
A 76-year-old drove one with Ford 12.40 in o &apos;clock exit of the curve in Alzenau-Mitte the curve landed straight ahead the and at the guardrail .
Due to the impact , the front airbags from the driver suffered minor injuries on the face and had to be hospitalized .
The injuries of the passenger 72-year-olds were emergency doctor from and then provided the patient with rescue helicopter in hospital .
Currently the police assume that there is no danger to death .
Vehicle The damaged one , to which a damage about Euro 2000 had to be towed .
wants to check salvation after meat industry other industries
Corona crisis Which once again exposed parts of the conditions in the meat industry .
Strengtening of law is imminent .
But rightly they are and - will it remain ?
Federal Minister of Labour Hubertus ( Heil will SPD nach ) the now planned strict against regulations of the grievances in also meat industry other industries .
&quot; We will look at industry for industry for and then the respective industry measures to take appropriate if it is necessary , &quot; said Heil in the German Press Agency Berlin .
Employers in Germany already warn against restricting contracts for works .
the mass After Corona outbreak at the meat giant Tönnies in North Rhine-Westphalia , this Federal Cabinet wants to decide by law a Wednesday salvation .
Large slaughterhouses should no longer be allowed to use slaughter dismantling , in and meat processing no foreign personnel may no longer allowed to use .
is to prohibit the purpose is to be banned by work contract employment as well as temporary workers should be banned for this purpose .
Employer president Ingo Kramer said dpa of : &quot; away fingers of a general restriction of work contracts temporary workers and one if , not the whole economy does not want to stranglle &quot; .
are work contracts are an example of wide to the field of craftsmanship , construction industry that of and mandatory plant construction are the basis for their value creation .
The &quot; individual misdeeds can destroy an instrument that is not so important in such an instrument &quot; .
Heil versichererte : My &quot; goal is not to ban contracts for works throughout Germany of the economy . &quot;
are contracts for works make sense .
&quot; If industrial enterprise instructs one a commissioned craftsman to install a security system , this is a completely factory contract more normal &quot; .
German meat industry One considers the ban and temporary agency work of work contracts in the only industry of them unconstitutional .
is not be explained why when portioning and packaging cheese other labour law should be considered in the future than should be in the future when portioning and packaging cheese in the future , sausage in it says statement of a legislative proposal , as &quot; the New Osnabrücker ( newspaper &quot; ) Saturday .
a ban consumer price would therefore increase the up to percent 10 per 20 kilos of product and .
Eastern European employees often worked out in factory contract companies worked in the industry after examining a results of the North Rhine-Westphalia Occupational health and Health Administration of the 16 partly hours per day .
Often they had none . they had a break
Wage for protective equipment was retained or rent .
It was also noted that situation was often shelter of that of employees was often . miserable
Heil said that a relatively strict law had already come into force for the meat industry .
However , these were bypassed by &quot; tricky constructions &quot; , however , these were bypassed .
&quot; Now we must be fundamentally . tidy up &quot;
Politicians announced : &quot; In the , Occupational Health and Safety Act that we want to adopt in the cabinet at the end of July , also measures that , not only the meat industry - concern , for example , test rates higher occupational health and safety on clear criteria or for joint shelters &quot; .
the dpa present draft amendments include law of securing workers &apos; rights of the in and the meat industry .
Brandenburg &apos;s Nonnemach Consumer Protection Minister Ursula ( Greens believes ) more intensive controls .
I would like to &quot; like more controls in many supervisory areas : food controls , animal welfare , everything possible , for example , including animal transport , &quot; said Nonnemacher on Sunday of the RBB programme &quot; Brandenburg aktuell &quot; .
But more personnel departments are also necessary for controls .
in dead Three crash ultralight aircraft in Germany
According to the police , three died in the crash of a ultralight aircraft Wesel into an apartment building in German North Rhine-Westphalia in the federal state , according to the police people three died .
a child was easily been injured .
People another two were rescued in misfortune that was rescued , a district control center Wesel the spokesman .
At the scene of the accident the one was found parachute , so police became the .
The Rheinische Post &quot; reported &quot; , citing eyewitnesses that the hot air balloon collided with the hot air balloon .
The house is a single or a two-family house .
More details were not known at first .
evacution of Opernplatz Frankfurter is peacefully
A riots after a week in the Frankfurt riots , also that of the evacuation of Opernplatz in night of Sunday .
Finally , some still kept on people dozen who left on place , but starting before , however , at 1 curfew .
Police That was since early evening numerous with in officials since early evening , operating throughout the city police contingent was greater one to see .
was for the first time weekends from a midnight for the ban on entering Opernplatz , which had come on before a riots week .
policofficers had been attacked out of a crowd of celebrating bottles .
five At least officers were damaged police input after injured police vehicles damaged several , .
Night The Saturday was also quiet .
Car Boy : Woman in on accident Bundesstraße 83 Hofgeismar in injured seriously
In an accident between Schöneberg and a tumly on the 21-year-old Sunday 13.25 at o &apos;clock .
was taken to the Klinikum Kassel .
With the passengers fire brigade possible .
According to the woman , the police on federal highway 83 of the direction of her place of residence Hümme as her car , out of unexplained previously cause of the carriageway and came over several times .
In order to rescue the accident , the fire brigade had to rescue the roof of the free-cutting car .
unclear Since there was still someone in the vehicle , adjacent the corn field was searched from the turntable ladder with a thermal imaging camera one .
Also the drone squadron from Warburg , the thermal imaging cameras also with , also works person search which had been ordered for .
However , emergency services , however , did not find the high corn plants between anyone .
The seriously injured were taken by ambulance to the Klinikum Kasseler for further care .
50 Almost emergency forces of the fire brigade Hofgeismar , Hümme and Schöneberg were on site .
It was closed for two hours because of the accident .
Juventus Turin Champion Italy in
Turin - redeeming After goal a Cristiano Ronaldo of Juventus &apos;s record champion for the Turin time in the ninth series the Italian .
around the team world footballers the five times overall made the Scudetto club history 36th of the 2 with one : ( : 1 0 ) 0 at the home game Sunday night in against Sampdoria perfect Genoa .
Ronaldo scored 1 to the front : 0 of the . Half
With 83 Turin points , the long injured former international player Sami Khedira competed , two matchdays ago that of the series end of the season no more A from first place two days ago .
The table distance Milan is Inter seven points behind .
Juventus despite optical was harmless in superiority of the first , half-time then hit after Ronaldo one with free-kick variant last of the action .
A play Miralem by Pjanic 35-year-old exploited of the penalty area line with a direct flat shot 45 . + ( 7 ) .
Ronaldo was also involved against the now more offensive guests Ronaldo was also involved in : 2 0 , his dusty after Federico Schuss Bernardeschi 67 .
was thus the lackluster decisive but , assured success .
The foul meter shot to the bar in the minute of the 89th only Ronaldo should have fassed with his own look Torjäger-Wertung die on richtig .
complicated &quot; It is to stay physically and mentally for on minutes ball height 90 .
The games are , strangely the momentum and changes &apos; slightly very , explained coach Maurizio after still Sarri the 1 at : 2 Calcio Udinese Thursday .
Especially Before the mental exhaustion of his player said the great juve coach .
Because of the defeat , the Turin had not yet been able to make the perfect championship yet .
The ultimately reassuring lead at the top of the standings , was ultimately due to the weakness of the competitors .
Because in games before the eleven game on Sunday the only Si team had won victories five .
Ronaldo also Whether still , top scorer is questionable .
While the Portuguese superstar has scored goals 31 , the former Dortmund Immobile Ciro has already scored 34 goals after his pack of three 5 : in the 1 ( 1 ) : 1 fourth in the place of the Lazio at Rome Hellas , has already contributed Verona 34 goals on account of his - so many , Robert Lewandowski as to the title win of FC Bayern .
The Juve professional holds the record Italy in the current time is held by the Juve professional . Gonzalo Higuaín
Argentine The season scored in the / 2015 36 goals 2016 for Naples the SSC .
In August on the &quot; Old Lady &quot; Italian of the next football title chance .
Juventus is the round of 16 , but the Champions League has to compete on 7 August at the Lyon Olympique on 7 August against a 0 1 first leg defeat on 7 August at the Lyon Olympique on 7 August : make up to make up for reaching Lisbon in the final tournament .
In the knockout round next or Madrid Real City Manchester as an opponent .
Baden-Württemberg : 250 About illegal car races
- Stuttgart All penalties threatened and court rulings Despite giving motorists countless in races on illegal Baden-Württemberg the : roads gas continues year Last and the four of this first months , in the police the southwest has already registered more illegal than 250 car races .
Comparative figures for previous years that do not exist , but the Raser judicial authorities are doing the increasingly : Work between Konstanz the prosecutors &apos;s offices and Mannheim , a total of investigations 155 were introduced for illegal races were introduced in 2018 , year later it was already 151 and 252 in the beginning of June already 151 .
The fewer races were organized on events around organized , as that of the answer Interior Ministry request on which a Landtag SPD .
In most cases , the drivers were spontaneously the drivers competed against each other or they escape who had seized from the police - this also race is indicated as illegal .
At the wheel sat in front of men , especially in the German 18 years between and years . 60
Fines 113 - times 15 imprisonment
in comparatively Only a few cases the and caught Raser casregister are also asked to : Ministry of the Interior have been imposed according since a total of 113 2018 and fines 15 imprisonment .
However , there are no indications of the illegal number of car races .
Rather , other motorists responded because of several of the accidents and past years than before indicated and , more often a ministerial spokesman .
Especially popular with speasers highway the Again and again 8th brake motorists there the traffic there , out of themselves to provide space and free track the one to use for race .
Last August , a driver was caught dozen near that of Kirchheim unter Teck , caught three months earlier there was even driver 18 on A8 the .
is A81 &quot; most popular &quot; race track
On the A81 registers the even police races more than on federal highway of anyone else .
a speed limit there attempts is made to slow down the speeders Geisingen , which is particularly affected on the affected between the section and the narrow Geisingen .
The and mostly sports high-priced pimped luxury cars and often have license plates Swiss , because the drivers because of the high penalties for fast and driving in the car racing neighboring country to the lawn because of the high penalties .
For this , the SPD must not reduce this on a few routes : &quot; With a speed limit of 130 out of kilometers per hour , we would solve this problem of motorways , &quot; says Rivoir , transport expert of the SPD parliamentary group of the
&quot; The speedster , which is important for inhibition threshold would be higher if you could still be on the road here and there with 200 legal kilometers per hour and more &quot; .
From enlightenment image campaigns or holds less rivoir : &quot; Whoever in such a way disregards all rules in such a way and only his own but also life on the road users of others , is hardly accessible with reason .
ADAC calls for stronger police crackdown of the
ADAC , on the other hand , this is not enough &quot; We assume that Tempolimits Raser will not be deterred by them , &quot; says Holger , Head of Department Bach Transport Environment and Württemberg .
It also calls and tougher routes affected on the controls .
This is not the rare and showdown is a highly painful momentous seriousness : From January and 2019 to April , three nationwide people died races in 2020 , two of them in an uninvolved crash at night in the city center of Stuttgart and one in Gerlingen .
In November , two young men are said to have delivered a car race .
One of the road of vehicles came road that came off , bouncded garden wall against and one remained on the side , the 18-year-old passenger died .
21 more people were injured in the previous two races . Years
In , Interior Minister , however , punishments Sharper , however , is not necessary by Interior Minister Thomas Strobl &quot; : legislators in order not to sanction the need for action illegal hargher motor vehicle races will not be sanction , &quot; says the paper Ministry of the Interior .
Blue light of 23 July : Burglar Durstiger steals drinks from snack
Rohrdorf : Mann Ein am ist in Thursday ( district Rohrdorf Calw ) snack has broken into one and cash drinks .
A witness 3.40 heard clock sounds valley road in the and ran towards the snack .
he noticed a there man , on the fridge with served drinks snack and the connection by hit in the previously an entrance door .
The perpetrator fled towards the snack behind meadows .
Burglar The served police aloud at also a cash register and stole cash low in the three-digit range .
Suspects Which is described as follows : It is about 1.80 to 1.75 tall meters and of stronger .
In fact , he wore a hoodie black , trousers and bright shoes .
Furthermore , the testimony receives police .
Ackermann sprinints to victory Final stage at on Sibiu Tour
Professional cyclist Pascal Ackermann won his day victory on the final stage of the 10th of the Sibiu Tour second .
The 26-year-old Palatine old Bora-hansgrohe from the team on the 109-kilometre long section with start and finish in Sibiu in the mass sprint , through which he had already won a stage already won on Saturday .
There were victories of the season were the three for and four . Ackermann
In the overall classification was won by his Austrian Gregor team mate Mühlberger prevailed in the overall classification .
The 26-year-old had confidently decided at the mountain time trial in the morning and thus took over the lead in the classification .
Only 104 riders had competed at the final stage evening .
No than less than 18 starters had fallen victim to the time limit in the mountain time trial .
“ I ’ m really happy to restart the season with a victory , ” after Ackermann had explained his success on Saturday .
The sprint &quot; was really hectic , &quot; said the 26-year-old .
in front of 300 meters finish he simply put on sprint , his tighsed it &quot; has and also perfect .
In accordance with the rules UCI World Federation , a Corona test was carried out by race participants and their companions six days ago before the start of the race .
During the complete and tour driver supervisivers were isolated in hygiene bubbles from the as well as from organizational team separated the media .
Spectators at the start and not finish were admitted .
Control center instruction to gave amateur resuscitation
Düsseldorf Accident Tragischer - Sunday afternoon Düsseldorf-Garath am . in
In there was an apartment house to a child ( 4 bathing at ) suddenly lifeless in the . Water
Fire brigade According to the emergency call , the arrived shortly before o &apos;clock 13 .
A control center dispatent &quot; admitted instructions amateur resuscitation immediately to the &quot; fire spokesman , one BILD agreed .
The rescue workers took over the later resuscitation measures .
in The danger of child floating was resuscitation was transported under the in university clinic .
it crashed Why is . unclear
Police have routinely investigated the accident response .
The fire spokesman We : go &quot; one of the tragic accident of the out of apartment &quot; .
Nuremberg : Unapproved tuning meeting - police intervene , 700 vehicles and around 1100 people
Hundreds of cars temporarily and participated 1000 over Saturday night people in tuning meeting a &quot; parking lot on a furniture store .
She implemented her police announcement to control such increased events .
A big tuning meeting took place ( Saturday evening 25 July ) in the southern city of Nuremberg .
Several were one hundred involved vehicles .
According to the police , Middle Franconia was detected by the traffic police a volume of vehicles of an area in the large parking lot in Ingolstädter Straße .
As a result , the police carried out one of vehicle inspections there .
Recently , the police had announced against their intention to take action so-called autoposers .
in Illegales : Nuremberg Tuning Meeting Only little from part of the &quot; scene
The officers were among the 700 well-top vehicles and 1100 people circa accounted up , the police .
of this a small part of the &quot; autoposo present of the tuning scene &quot; - can be assigned to this and .
Apparently , the majority of the relevant scene came to that of the appeal . Police
On the basis of the location of the in front of it and vehicles of the people is to be assumed that this was mostly the case .
In addition , the proportion of the majority of those present kept the infection protection regulations in particular , compliance with the and the minimum distance of a mouth-nose protection .
The site carried out before control measures were around 1 00 : finished .
A total of officials at the vehicles found 10 structural such changes , operating licence that it was extinct .
Four of these vehicles had to be seized .
No car races
There were no illegal car racing .
The &quot; Middle Franconia Police Headquarters will continue to keep the events in and continues to carry out increased control measures also in connection with the advent of onlookers &quot; , it was said .
The agency spoke News5 with Schrödinger JÃ1 ⁄ 4rgen involved towing company of &quot; : all the rims beautiful , we must not scratch us &quot; so . Schrödinger
Special tapes would be used for this .
Also because cars are broader , his company must pay careful not to cause damage .
The young &quot; people should finally get their cars back unscathed &quot; .
Employment agency figures of : 900 suspected cases abuse on short-time work
Berlin - for the Federal Employment Agency ( BA ) , according to its own statement , suspected cases 900 about abuse of short-time workers benefit .
This is &quot; than with more companies 880,000 , have indicated the short-time work , extremely little , &quot; said the Terzenbach &quot; Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung &quot; .
When at the beginning of the Corona crisis , many companies suddenly applied for short-time work , which BA had to react quickly .
usually take the exam for up to three to weeks .
So &quot; much time was not available in us this phase .
All the more precise to us we will look at final bills .
There will certainly be a lot to do .
We are not there naive and have a long breath &quot; .
Evidence of abuse often come from the affected employees trade unions or .
In addition , analysis software uses the BA to detect abuse patterns .
According to this , the Terzenbach BA is preparing for possible in the insolvency wave one before autumn .
&quot; Will there be significantly more insolvencies than in the previous year ?
Estimments That diverge , however , we are already preparing for us the case of the case and employees are now our in for employment agencies editing applications of insolvency money of &quot; .
the still inconspicuous numbers , Terzenbach said .
World Heritage in Potsdam : dissolved in the New Party Garden
On Potsdam on Friday evening - about 40 young people celebrated a party in the garden Neuen .
The collection was dissolved by the Stiftung Schlösser Preußische Gärten and SPSG ( dissolved ) , the foundation announced on PNN request .
The young people then left the park .
On Saturday evening , some would have played rugby new in the youth garden rugby newcomers in the youth garden .
Meadow that had been evicted by inspectors SPSG spokesman said Frank Kallensee Sunday .
Again and again there are celebrations of illegal parks in
In the Parks Foundation of the again and again there are accumulations in which the distance , hygiene rules and not COVID-19 contact ordinance are complied with .
At the end of June , one with 300 people in the park , Babelsberg came a week later about 150 people celebrated in the New Garden .
Even without coronai regulation parks , those of the burglary in the dark .
That according to the meadows is parking regulations , there are few exceptions .
The complained Foundation for a long time about time that , getting visitors would destroy garbage more and protected biotopes .
Meanwhile , illegal Berlin Park parties have reached one dimension another .
In the Hasenheide district in Neukölln , 5,000 to Sunday people celebrated an illegal people at night .
The event was dissolved by the police .
Austria : Mass tests after Corona eruption
With tests , hundreds of authorities have responded to a Wolfgang St. , a is popular in the Corona outbreak of the Upper Austrian tourist resort .
Number The confirmed of cases rose to 48 , state authorities such as those reported in Linz .
More than 100 results were pending in the evening .
Accordingly , many Accordingly infected of the young interns in tourism companies , but even a at least a holiday guest has been tested positive .
, Inhabitants guests and tourism staff were asked to stay on Saturday night their to accommodations .
The curfew was set at 11 : 00 with o &apos;clock .
There are &quot; there are there and cancellations &quot; of cancellations bookings , the said tourism association of the boss , Wolfgangsee Hans Wieser the . dpa
Some guests also left prematurely .
St. Wolfgang is the most important tourist resort , Upper Austria than with more in overnight stays 400,000 last year .
In one season , about one third of the German guests are normal .
On Friday , the first infections were publicly known .
The head , Alois District Authority Lanz , defended on , Saturday the behavior interns of those who had celebrated in premises several and might have become infected there .
&quot; That we all liked to do in our youth , &quot; he told the radio station . Ö1
However , on Friday on two bars were closed to prevent further . Infections
The one tourism association started to sensitize information campaign young in order to sensitize to dangers employees of the COVID-19 .
From Saturday hundreds then were tested by employees , and holidaymakers . Locals tested
In addition , all guests who were in St. Wolfgang from , July 15th in St. Wolfgang .
The evokes memories of Austria of the ski and party resort of Ischgl in Tyrol , the initial phase of pandemic was one of the corona spread of the centre throughout Europe .
In total , in than Austria are currently 1500 more are infected with people the virus .
with a focus on new infections and Vienna Upper Austria .
Premier League Man United : and qualified for Chelsea Champions League
( dpa London ) The English football record champion English returns to the Champions League after an absence year .
The Red Devils secured third 2 on matchday of the League Premier , the Red Devils secured third 2 in the place by a – 0 ( 0 – ) 0 win against City Leicester .
Foxes They now have to settle with the with League Europa , which because still FC Chelsea and also moved fourth as a premier class .
Fight In the against relegation Aston was allowed to cheer villa .
Manchester led United in the lead by penalty of a ( Bruno Fernandes ) minute 71 .
a After for red card in City Leicester , the Lingard Jesse ( + 90th to ) 8 final score .
Chelsea , opponent of the Champions League round of 16 , Bayern won the Wolverhampton Wanderers in parallel thanks to Mount Mason ( 45th 1 ) + Olivier and Giroud 45 . ( 4 + ) 2 in parallel with : 0 ( 2 : against 0 ) the Wolverhampton Wanderers in parallel to Mount Mason ( 45th 1 ) + Olivier and Giroud 45 ( 4 + ) 2 .
&quot; That means a lot to me , &quot; said coach Frank Lampard , who in the first of his Chelsea coaches as a season also in the final FA of the Arsenal against Cup .
Chelseas Wolverhham also benefited from victory , Wolverhampton also benefited from victory against Hotspur also Tottenham , who with 1 a meagre : ( 1 : 1 ) at 0 still Palace Crystal past Wolves the sixth and in as the Europa League .
Villa Aston the Fernduell won with Watford and AFC Bournemouth , but had to tremble at Ham for a long time .
The late Jack leadership of Grealish ( 84th ) Yarmolenko resembled Andrey 85 . ) ( immediately .
The 1 : 1 ( 0 ) : was enough 0 but because , with : Watford 2 lost 2 3 ( 1 3 : bei ) Arsenal lost .
The club , which missed in the three coaches season , five after relegated first division years .
Just like Bournemouth that , himself : by 3 a 1 ( 2 ) 1 : at the FC again Everton was able to save .
missing end Am . a point
Liverpool FC , which has been English champions since June , was secured with : a 3 1 : ( 1 ) victory at a Newcastle United club record .
99 points are the highest of the value to the Reds who have ever achieved one in ever football season .
Klopp Jürgen missed the in the English football coach Klopp Jürgen missed the in the English football coach with only team his .
The holds record Manchester with points City of the 100 in season 2017 18 . /
After the Newcastle lead in the first minute Virgil ( van Dijk Divock 38 . ) , Origi 59 . ( Sadio ) and ( Mané 89 . ) match the Sunday for . Liverpool
&quot; For this wonderful club , a season it was extraordinary , &quot; said goalscorer Dijk van after , the game &quot; that should spur us to defend the title .
&quot; It will be hard .
should be satisfied at the end of the . Premier League Bosses
Due to the Coronavirus crisis , football was interrupted in England from 13 March 17 .
In the meantime , even demolition of a premature or a host of the rest of the neutral games on the ground was discussed .
Finally , however , the season could be played without special events - as in Germany , however , without spectators in the stadiums
Arrests violence demonstrations and at against Netanyahu
The protests in Israel against Prime Minister Netanyahu are becoming more and more fierce .
On the night of the war , there were violent clashes .
Police is Israeli The on night Sunday Jerusalem to the participant against a violent demonstration right-wing conservative against Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu .
Twelve for people were arrested in participating riots , was shared with police spokesman . Micky Rosenfeld
Among other things , the police used water cannons to dissolve the rally .
According to media reports , Netanyahu &apos;s office had gathered around Saturday evening .
They unemployment protested against corruption , dealing with and Netanyahu of the Corona crisis .
The protesters , drums , blew into horns and called for resignation to Netanyahu .
There were also a participant arrested counter-demonstration who were Netanyahu , supported , news page which reported &quot; ynet &quot; .
In many other places in Israel demonstrated people , in front of the villa of the private head of government in the coastal city of Caesarea and a park in Tel in .
Man One was arrested police information according to being arrested in Tel near Aviv suspicion because is pending to have a moving pepper spray car sprayed at the demonstrators on roadside .
Another man after a stabbing attack on demonstrators , one in the country &apos;s south was arrested after a stabbing attack on demonstrators .
Demonstrator had been slightly injured the neck was slightly injured .
In Jerusalem Tel and Aviv there have been demonstrations against several Netanyahu .
Rallies accompany the corruption process against the head of government .
Most recently Netanyahu was also criticized for handling because of its . Corona crisis
Among other things , it is kept among him , among other things , loosening premature lack of loosening and preparing a second on .
That of the Corona crisis has added the country ’ s economy .
The last unemployment rate was more than percent .
The number of coronavirus Israel associated with the new infections Coronavirus Israel in has recently risen to ever new .
at ( Accident Ahlen ) NRW - Transporter auf kracht - Auto - neun Verletzte - Bild.de Ruhrgebiet
Ahlen - Eyar-end collision demanded one on Saturday afternoon the one on B58 nine at Ahlen on Saturday afternoon .
The driver was one with her children both 3 ( , 5 ) direction in Beckum .
The police : &quot; Probably she had suddenly slowed down because she wanted to turn . &quot;
That must have seen driver of the Mercedes transporters of one behind which drove her , late too well .
He crashed on it the car .
In the event of an accident , the three occupants car in the and six in transporters were slightly injured .
Several ambulances took her to a surrounding hospital .
North Korea loals border town of Corona suspicion
North Korea in so far saw measures own to ward a &quot; success &quot; shining the coronavirus .
Now , for the first time , the country reports on a suspicion .
Because of an official first in Corona suspicion , country North Korea has completely sealed off fear of a disaster city a completely sealed off .
Despite strictest epidemiological in defensive measures past the six &quot; months , malicious virus may have been introduced into the country &quot; , state media reported the .
The state of emergency had been imposed on the Kaesong border town .
communist leadership Which proclaimed the alarm level highest .
Should the suspicion case be confirmed , it would be the case of infection would be official first Sars-CoV-2 with in isolated in the country
so far , according to North Korea , not a single one and infection had been registered as defensive measures described its &quot; luminous success . &quot;
Information was doubted abroad .
Symptoms of Disease According to the reports were found in an &quot; outlier who had crossed July on the 19th illegally military demarcation line and between South North Korea .
The person three ago after years of South Korea and had now returned across border .
For the buffer zone still wide within four border crossing of the kilometers and mostly military mined buffer zone , there was no confirmation of South Korea from initially confirmation .
South Korea ’ s military , however , reportedly , according to the national Yonhap News Agency , South Korea &apos;s reportedly admitted the possibility of a North Korea ’ s illegal border crossing .
Some people were investigated .
North Korea called its own Saturday on suspicion of Saturday of an emergency meeting of the Politburo Workers &apos; Party , chaired by ruler Kim Jong Un .
The &quot; dangerous situation in Kaesong a destructive deadly and trigger catastrophe &quot; .
Kim had already ordered measure Friday as a preventive , &quot; ordered Kaesong to completely block each and district region and isolate from others &quot; , it continued .
The as well as all people who had Kaesong in contact with her had been put under quarantine .
central The military commission is intended to investigate the party &apos;s harsh and if necessary , the therefore &quot; as well as outlier case the responsible conduct of the military unit harsh and , if necessary , .
It is estimated that about 300,000 people live in Kaesong .
Excitement before the Council meeting City-Ost : and noise protection are still under great discussion before the summer break
In addition to environmental issues &quot; , the committee members will also vote , among other things , on the development plan Großprojekt Innenstadtentwicklung-Ost zum &quot; , it is rather in the casually middle section of the urban next press release municipal council meeting on Tuesday 28 , July , at 4.30 p.m. at the clock of the Great Hall Pforzheim CongressCentrums .
Above all , the appreciation of the city of the eastern , however , is controversial until the end .
The majorities for this are scarce in recent committees individual depending on even negative presence .
A project developed from the appeal economy construction ( real estate , and IT trade that ) , citizenship of the project developed then and by administration municipal council and project now does not fail after almost years ten now preparation fail , criticized project opponents criticized &quot; Reinhard as Klein Opposition , &quot; extra-parliamentary &quot; unsuspecting speculation &quot; , &quot; diigration and &quot; conscious false statements &quot; .
Everyone &quot; think to know it better &quot; Small , according to the representative of the Pforzheim , who has a member of the municipal council for a single year than a year representative of the citizens &apos; list Pforzheim , who has been belonged of the municipal council for a single than a year .
In fact , after reading contracts in : &quot; Position of this , I know what I &apos;m talking about &quot; .
According to statements by the city administration , the exit comes that the city is cheaper the Technical Town Hall , contrary to statements from the city administration , according to subsidies , the existence of which is convinced of Klein , to refurbished 8.5 for millions of euros .
City Which will develop quite differently than one predict in the town hall and on the part of the proponents of the one .
The city does not design one by force and investor to shape That is : its plan tag B. One according to Klein the FDP put / FW UB / LED fraction the , also rejects projects alternative concept .
It also essentially refurbishment the technical of the town hall Offenhaltung , the Schloßberg of the rental , the ex-valley of the administrative area for a and small-scale ideal case downtown redesign with local in the vehicle .
Environmental issues play a central role
In addition , an environmental issues will play a central role . Role
Among other things , the municipal council will vote , among other things , on the noise action plan , among other things .
This various measures to protect the Pforzheimer from the population health , caused by noise pollution road traffic the below , many times .
In a press release , local of the Deutschland Verkehrsclub welcomes the pace of widespread introduction of The 30th political city leaders of the in , however , are not innocent of the fact that this must come , so must come because they have to the increase of the increase of the massive traffic and thus noise by the neglect of thinned out regular bus traffic with and bars due to little for commitment to cycling to the first increase in the massive car traffic and thus noise of the , according to the VCD
also votes via the municipal council that of the participation Stadt Energie- der Klimaschutzagentur and Pforzheim / ab Enzkreis .
In addition , the agenda Accession of the Climate Protection Pact to the State of the state , Baden-Württemberg which of the redefinition of parental contributions in the and day care facilities urban of the application for admission of the smart city promotion federal .
Citizens are welcome but must heed corona protards .
With a lot of delay Tim Zimmermann starts the new one in season
almost a year with half a delay year starts at Tim Zimmermann 31st in his July premiere season in the Masters GT ADAC .
Before league the supersports cars regular the operation , test drives were now the first .
Zimmermann Für was all about getting to know his Lamborghini GT3 Huracan .
The long Corona crisis has prevented time that carpenter Tim from attacking his in the first new business trip Lamborghini of Huracan Racing Grasser .
special under hygiene conditions . this was now possible
Langenargener who turned 23-year-old was able to make his first laps on the Lausitzring and got used to premiere to his in the GT3 car .
&quot; There are already a few , things that are different from the out of the Porsche &quot; preseason , says Zimmermann
With &quot; the ABS , for example , it is necessary to go differently to go in curves .
it really But has a lot of fun . &quot;
Zimmermann also had fun with Steijn Schothorst , with whom he will share his orange sports car GT Masters .
The Dutchman is despite his only 25 already experienced in the year and GT sports new was able to help his many team-mate things in .
&quot; I &apos;m not a beginner in motorsport , but new one , every series of new challenges , &quot; says Zimmermann .
Steijn &quot; I and we understand dazzling and we have also made enormous progress on Lausitzring from to session progress . &quot;
Exactly - there at the - Lausitzring GT this will also be Masters Race will be his first .
From July 31st 33 supercars will race through Lusatia .
Zimmermann , who is 15 of one series newcomer , knows the track .
In 2015 he was a guest most recently Motodrom .
&quot; I worked quickly and little had to do the track , &quot; says Zimmermann der , for the Friedrichshafener Zeppelin racing community .
&quot; The fast Lausitzring has many passages , optimal you have to meet them , fast to be &quot; .
fast As carpenter is , this turns out in two weeks .
&quot; The poker teams at of course the tests a little , &quot; he says .
&quot; In the end we are satisfied but very satisfied and look forward to the first to weekend at the &quot; Lausitzring .
Race in Das Brandenburg will be prelude to be densely crowded of a calendar .
By the beginning of November seven races are pending until the beginning of November .
, Currently stand is not that will be admitted to be his audience but - there is a prominent guest .
In the middle of August Nürburgring will take Niko former Formula 1 driver Hülkenberg .
British caught by transport minister quarantine decision
Decision The British has to quarantine government after Spain holidaymakers returning their weeks to quarantine two after Spain holidaymakers for their weeks , transport minister according to the press reports country of the cold .
Accordingly , Grant is currently on holiday to Shapps Spain just on holiday , his colleagues at home on Saturday ’ s measure .
Because of the corona numbers again in Spain , the cabinet in London removed from the country list of those of the countries that are able to enter without a quarantine requirements .
The new applies scheme today , Sunday will be , so that Shapps will have to quarantine even after his return .
In Austria has also imposed the quarantine measures government for returnees .
But the regulation applies to those who are just on the holiday deadline only from Saturday , August 1 and not introduced overnight .
By the way , Spain , by the way , is still considered one of the &quot; safe &quot; countries in Austria , countries that are not needed for quarantine in Austria for quarantine .
Numerous ministers &quot; are likely to have in advance , there is a possibility that a quarantine for holidaymakers , &quot; commented the Labour MP .
&quot; But apparently no one has bothered to telling Shapps Grant . &quot; say .
Nearly a month after the end of Spain in Corona state of emergency after the end of Spain and the expiration of the curfew , the number of infections are increasing again in country .
nightlife in front of virologists nightlife especially that for re-spread of the .
Spain is one of the favourite holiday destinations of the British .
From unnecessary travel to the Spanish mainland , the British government is currently advises , British Canary Islands are particularly popular with the holidaymakers are particularly popular Canary Islands Balearic Islands , which are particularly popular with holidaymakers .
So far in Spain than more 272,000 infections with the coronavirus novel more and 28,000 than registered dead .
Russia of the Navy : Day announces : Putin for hypersonic weapons
Russian President Vladimir Putin has announced on the Day of the Navy in his one country of equipping warships .
With these weapons unique in the world , the Russian of the expanded naval forces , Putin said in Sunday at St. Petersburg at central .
Ministry of Defense The agency , according to which Interfax also informed about the successful tests built by the Navy for hypersonic rocket .
They have a multiple of the speed of sound of around 343 seconds per meter .
They are considered weapons of the future
Underwater tropedeo continues to be built
It is also built on the atomic underwater torpedo was called , Poseidon called it .
The planned sea drone is planned for the destruction of coastal targets .
The military boat , president also the self one , military boat said that this alone in 40 year ships would be put in new ships would be put into service at individual fleet units of the largest in the country ’ s largest .
Russia has a coastal area just like big other no country world of .
300 For years , navy has been reliably protecting Russia reliably Putin ’ s celebrated at sailors nationwide .
at many also Russian other coastal towns the naval forces celebrated the day with navy parades .
In Syria Russia where , the side of ruler al-Assad Bashar , military demonstrated the one at gun show in the Tartus Mediterranean port .
There also . Ammunition was fired
One could be seen in a video published by the published Ministry of Defense video only not warships below , submarine one but , also combat helicopter -jets and .
Hurricane &quot; Texas Hanna reaches &quot; : help made more difficult because of Corona
- Washington ’ s first hurricane season this year ’ s first hurricane season , Atlantic Texas has encountered ashore .
Floods Lifthreatening strong , wind-fierce and rainfall now endangered parts of the , U.S. state told the hurricane center National NOAA of the U.S. Climate Change Department of the night on Sunday ( ) local time .
Governor Greg Abbott declared a state of emergency for many districts .
The rampant Texas Corona pandemic work made the helpers of , Abbott continued to say aloud told US media .
to the evacuees called caution
“ Everyone is hurricane enormous a challenge , ” Abbott said newspaper according to the “ Houston . Chronicle &quot;
Looking at the cyclone in he added to Texas : &quot; This challenge is complicated and will be exacerbated , considering that considering that he sweeps area that is strongest of the affected state at the COVID-19 strongest of the affected state area on the COVID-19 . &quot;
According to the result of the Corona pandemic in Johns Hopkins University , a result of the Corona pandemic , 5,000 have died around in Texas alone .
Abbott called people who would have to leave the houses , be careful .
They should disregard practices &quot; to which we have become accustomed to &quot; , not wearing masks , the governor told the station according to CBS .
be It , important to keep all that distance .
Therefore , places in some were also provided hotel rooms .
In addition , emergency shelters in should be tested on Corona .
damage had initially only been reported from the Port Coastal City of Mansfield .
Storm warning withdrawn
With winds of up to 150 to kilometer per hour &quot; , Hanna was , according to the authorities , &quot; on the island of Padre directly Iceland off the coast of Texas .
The tropical storm had previously been upgraded to a hurricane of the lowest one stage .
For the Port Mansfield to Sargent had been an first storm surge warning and later enacted .
a authorities expected weakening , &quot; while continuing &quot; Hanna continued to move inland and headed the northeast of Mexico .
&quot; Douglas moves to Hawaii on
In the Pacific , &quot; Hurricane Douglas &quot; was at night Sunday with winds about kilometers of 150 per hour .
Hurricane Center That expected , however , that it would continue to weaken .
According to the forecast , he should be on Sunday ( local time in the ) near the islands of Hawaii - his storm then as below the hurricane threshold
Over the Atlantic , this NOAA expected an active hurricane season over the Atlantic after the year forecast of one of the above-average May .
June By the end of November , up to ten to hurricanes , could be expected to be up to six very strong cyclones , the declared authority .
In the year per the six across Atlantic hurricanes , three of which develop larger to storms strength .
Given available and climate data of the higher water temperature in the Atlantic of the Caribbean and probability normal the season is only 30 percent , one of the below-average even ten , percent it was then .
US President Donald asbuted to Trump Twitter that storms were observing his exact government and those affected in states .
Gates revoked Four : Video assistant &quot; Sassuolo &quot; punished
Sassuolos Filip Djuricic were stripped of two goals
- Naples Four scored goals , goals revoked four Calcio Sassuolo : experienced at the 0 : ( 2 0 : ) at the SSC 1 Naples Italian in the series Football League A a raven black - evening and was angry right on the video assistant referees of .
&quot; A given non festival goals for Sassuolo for .
Never before has the hard VAR a against team &quot; , commented the &quot; Corriere dello Sport . &quot;
Host Naples had gone into the lead by goal of defense back Elseid in Hisaj Minute of the 8th , the 32nd in minute first cheered Filip Djuricic compensation .
The Video Assistant VAR Referee ( took hits ) one due to side position . back
Five later minutes Djuricic shot Ball again into the net - again the VAR intervenfered .
the goals Also by attackers ( Francesco Caputo 50 . ) Domenico and Berardi ( ) took 61st referee team withdrew the according to VAR note of the .
In extra time of the made Allan 2 0-final score : for and Naples bitter for evening the Sassuolo .
&quot; The VAR is for worse Sassuolo than a radar trap on punished road of and like Sassuolo team none .
new technology The records ensures , &quot; for the writes &quot; dello Sport Gazzetta &quot; .
Bayern FC Pavard Munich : injured
Munich dpa ( ) - The start of the hot preparation phase for the champions began for League Bayern double winner FC setback with one .
After the short a holiday and a few &quot; training days reasonably good &quot; Hansi Flick has to think already first after team training he like , who can rebuild his successful defense from injury Pavard Benjamin World Champion .
The Frenchman the Manuel behind Captain Neuer and Joshua Kimmich midfielder the third most of the minutes of deployment , has suffered a gang injury of the left root of the foot and threatens to be decisive in royal class duels .
In the smuggling weather , he broke a right-wing back training game and was driven with golf kart course .
long How regular player who has to pause the title in the unrestricted fight is open .
An round of 16 in the against FC at Chelsea 8 should be difficult on August , on which the 24-year-old can hope on August 12 in the beginning final tournament Lisbon the 24-year-old can hope .
Bavaria They do not want to let the mishap training from but Sunday .
Flick named in personal of his triple formula the attributes of which he wants to see his stars on his way to the capital of Portugal .
, Quality intensity and its should show concentration victorious hungry title collectors in the ideally following to 28 days king class endgame on August 23 .
“ We have mastered with compulsory championship trophy and easy .
Now it is important to be special to create that , &quot; Flick .
Until they can deal with the Munich final tournament and the previous training camp in the Algarve , however , the round of 16 is the Chelsea against FC .
the 3 After : 0 first leg before in the Corona break of the Londoners should become the Bavarian nightmare again in 2012 in the not home arena as lost in the &quot; dahoam &quot; final again in 2012 to the Bavarian nightmare again in the not home arena as lost in the &quot; dahoam &quot; final .
&quot; through We have to go through the door .
We want to win , create good conditions and refuel with confidence good a game , &quot; Flick demanded .
A test attunuement will be scheduled on Friday against Olympique Marseille .
With a long speech Flick had his stars the , after the 13 double days vacation , had sworn a unique one on August .
31 players he welcomed at the , Säbener Straße also the below new players Leroy for noble shopping , Sané who for the first time met his after changing Manchester of City all his colleagues new on the place for the first time after changing Manchester of City .
&quot; Leroy as all the newcomers , &quot; reported . Flick
instead of however , who talk about new season too , when Co . Sané &amp; more are not allowed to train , much Flick current the title project over the German .
After days of small group training individual and is now trained in team strength for the Londoners , in contrast to patlick ensemble to the playing rhythm are in .
After that , a quarter-finals against Munich could face FC Barcelona and Lionel Messi in the , Real Semifinals Madrid , Manchester City Juventus or .
Away to one in the Lisbon final in &quot; is not easy , &quot; emphasized head coach who from Tuesday , can rely on services the new assistants of his Miroslav Klose in training .
The World Championship record scorer Klose and know from Flick so tournament preparation many more common , which is particularly important with 0-to 100 tuning of the .
With the team of his current one , this was a work &quot; enjoyment . , Flick
The &quot; focus on winning &quot; is one of his most impressive .
At the tournament , nine-teams were also ambitious on Sunday .
Of top performers , the emigrant Thiago defender and David Alaba whereabouts of the one who is not secured beyond the royal class season that is not secured .
Formula That needs 1 , special rule one to select her world champion
Since on the unrequired number driven to continents , the FIA must be improvise to improvise to award the World Cup titles .
However , all America races were cancelled .
race calendar is becoming more and more concrete
The race calendar current Formula 1 season form continues to accept .
In addition to the ten Prix confirmed Grand , further race tracks were added during the three weeks .
In October , Nürburgring and the Portimão Portuguese will be driven in Germany .
On November first Hamilton Lewis and Co. on the Italian in for traditional race track Imola .
Thus , the race calendar currently includes the current 13 stand races after 2020 .
We &quot; are pleased that we continue to make great progress in completing our plans for the 2020 season , &quot; Formula 1 boss , said Carey Chase .
Altogether in exceptional season this 15 18 will be completed in races of the Motorsports premier class .
Formula 1 wants to finish the season in Asia .
The final race calendar will be published coming in the and fixed weeks .
According to media reports , the targeted races Bahrain in Abu and Dhabi in , according to media reports , Vietnam could still take place in and Malaysia November end .
Regulations require races on continents three
The regulations of Formula 1 which requires award for World Championship of but at least race continents on three .
Also , as if currently , planned only two on continents , there will be one world champion .
With a special rule , the FIA wants to award the titles citing &quot; due to exceptional circumstances due to &quot; coronavirus pandemic of the .
The traditional start to the season Australia in had to be cancelled due to March corona crisis of the looming .
A return to continent the issue in this year is none .
In addition , Formula 1 this year will not be a guest in not in America this year .
criticizes refusal criticizes Brazil is criticized
Due to the corona situation tense the races Canada will not take place in , the , USA Mexico Brazil and will not take place .
We look forward to &quot; look forward to being back to them in the next season , &quot; Carey said .
The refusal of the America race refusal was especially criticized Brazil in particular &quot; : came as no surprise for us , but we cannot accept the reasons for this we can not accept the reasons for this , &quot; said Tamas Rohonyi , of the promoter Grand Prix São in Paulo .
For example , the number of infections are significantly lower than in other regions .
Concerns Those of some teams in Brazil , not to drive to , would not want to justify refusal .
One is prepared for the required security measures that are prepared .
: Evil Greta Thunberg against a look Donald Trump went around the world
Greta spoke Thunberg her meeting with US President . Trump Donald
Thunberg Greta was well known on the latenight show Stephen Colbert of via video guest and betrayed interview in , she had at what her met with Donald Trump .
Klimaatkivistin Thunberg Greta was a guest in popular .
she told among her about , among other things , against battle powerful of the world .
about her famous &quot; evil gaze at &quot; her encounter with Donald Trump . the teenager
New City York - the past two years , climate activist Greta has drew attention to tireless efforts to the Fridays For &quot; Future on &quot; movement with her Thunberg .
Now she spoke in a latenight show about her in plans of the future as well as her encounter with US President Donald Trump in the year at the UN Climate Summit .
Latenight presenter Colbert Stephen 17-year-old welcomed the on Thunberg Tuesday broadcast of your introduced a and longer interview with the Swede .
she spoke not only about her fight against climate change , but also about conflict over theirs with the powerful of the world .
&quot; There are some who , things have surprised me , &quot; she said .
&quot; How far people are going , the focus of the from away to the climate crisis , &quot; she has shed .
&quot; Everything from organized to hate campaigns , threats just because a group of children are on the streets &quot; she has experienced .
and leading heads of state even silence the politicians , social media in her or against ridicule even them even trying to silence , she finds &quot; , &quot; funny as the reactions show her , show as they have &quot; others have no answer to it &quot; .
It became especially interesting at the end of the interview , when Greta Thunberg was approached about a well-known scene in which Trump US president who threw a bitter look .
At the UN Climate Summit 2019 in New York , which sailed across the Atlantic for the nuist , her became more expressive by view cameras that has been caught since then and countless of Internet people in .
the short clip GIF was created , so image animated one that ultimately became one of the most common images used for Trump opponents .
But what did 17-year-old the at this moment the president U.S. ?
To Stephen &apos;s relatively opclosed question , Colbert only briefly replied and &quot; To be dry : to be honest , I think , believe so , needs no explanation &quot; .
The satirist experienced Colbert had probably not calculated a short time and disappeared laughing from the picture .
With &quot; her dare How ? you speech on &quot; the principles of climate protection , she was remembered at the climate conference .
Ex-Dortmunder Immobile with pack of three for Rome Lazio
Ciro in the immobile race for Europe &apos;s now Golden Shoe is now on Bavaria with Lewandowski Robert .
The Dortmund former Immobile Ciro continues to have the best chance of becoming Italian in top scorer of the football championship .
The former BVB professional contributed three goals in the : 1 5 ( 1 : 1 ) victory of Lazio at Rome Verona Hellas , including two penalty kicks turned the halves of both in extra times .
Thus 30-year-olds from the fourth season of the season has two 34 conclusion on now Saisontore his account - many also scored Lewandowski Robert FC from Bayern Munich of the expired Bundesliga season .
In Italy Cristiano follows with Ronaldo 30 , the superstar met Portuguese Sampdoria on the still leader evening Sampdoria .
Fleetwood Mac co-founder Peter Green died
His was like life a rollercoaster ride one : After a fast-paced with ascent Mac Fleetwood it went downhill steeply and then slowly back up .
Now the blues rock guitarist died in Peter Green at the age of 73 .
Guitarist Ingenious drug junkie , : Cult Pendant The band &apos;s co-founder Fleetwood , Mac Peter Green is dead .
He died at the age of 73 in peaceful sleep , died Saturday on family members officially told one in statement one , further for opinion would be the next few days .
Top musicians like Peter Green Frampton praised as blues - the one best rock guitarist .
Fleetwood Mick in spoke of a reaction emotional one of monumental &quot; loss &quot; for all previous and the current member band Fleetwood Mac .
Drummer The Fleetwood of the and green guitarist had meanwhile founded the long legendary band 1967 in London , today until his unforgettable instrumental hit &quot; dreamy albatross . &quot;
The life of the musician of the &quot; ( End The Of The , Game &quot; The In Skies &quot; ) was like a rollercoaster ride .
Mac With Fleetwood Green experienced a fast-paced - rise the band biggest celebrated their successes but him without .
There is said to have been , among other things , to been disputes because , profits Green of the all group wanted charity for donation purposes .
He began to appear in robes and wide crucifix large .
Psychological problems are said to have played a role .
Years three after the founding of the Green , the 1970 band left .
This was followed by a social descent
The blues rock guitarist suffered from drug abuse schizophrenia such as and biographers , reported .
For a long time in Green was treated of psychiatry .
During most of the one disappeared years of the 1970s musicians disappeared canvas of the .
He is temporarily lived on the street , cemetery gardeners as and spent for a time in an Israeli kibbutz .
Green was born in 1946 as Green born in the Jewish family of a working-class family in Bethnal .
At a young age he was enthusiastic about US blues musicians such as Muddy B.B. King and Waters .
At the age of eleven he first learned the .
At the age of 15 of the teenager began playing guitar professionally and five years later got the chance to stand on the stage as a lead guitarist for the B instrumental band &apos; Peter s Looners stage .
He was later a little when he was hired for his replacement idol Eric at Bluesbreakers Clapton .
In the midst of the blues boom , Green founded his McVie and Fleetwood John with Bluesbreakers colleagues Mick founded his McVie and Fleetwood John with bluesbreakers colleagues Mick .
The composed by Green Song Albatross gave &quot; gave the group the first number 1 hit in the winter of 69 1968 and catapulted the top of the British music scene .
But the rapid ascent soon showed : his downsides media buzz and bustle with the green , not his with experiments of the LSD became drug more and more extreme .
Life The music and between addiction he once commented to one in : Interview &quot; What is worst , life has happened to me in are the , - the best drugs , one was number 1 hit &quot; .
At the end Towards the decade , Green &apos;s success was surprisingly an album inspired by religious themes .
Meanwhile , Fleetwood , meanwhile , without a Mac , swam him on a wave of success in formation new on a wave of success .
In 1977 her &quot; Rumours Album Sold &quot; sold more than a million 40th copies worldwide
Despite small solo successes Green , Comeback did not succeed any bigger , until he went to the start of a friend with a group of musicians in 1996 .
The British Daily &quot; Telegraph &quot; at that time spoke to one of the earth on returned rock star .
Free drugs from Green released with Peter Green the Splinter some group up albums , which band disbanded in 2004 .
Music experts For him was already alive to a blues legend during his lifetime - with and his gentle a sound of the guitarists &apos; most influential decades past .
