Biker reacts at lightning speed and prevents worse
On Friday evening , a traffic accident occurred on the road between Machtolsheim and Merklingen , in which a motorcyclist was only slightly injured by his quick reaction .
Motorist overlooks bikers
At around 9 : 30 p.m. , a 44-year-old driver wanted to turn left at around 9 : 30 p.m. with her VW from Merklingen onto the state road unk in the direction of unk .
She overlooked the 24-year-old unk motorcyclist coming from Nellingen .
During the collision , hand and foot brake levers fly away during the collision
The biker still tried to avoid the car , but still dropped it at the rear of the vehicle .
Due to the stripping process , the Suzuki unk hand and the foot brake levers were demolished on the Suzuki and the unk was no longer able to brake down .
At the mind , he steered his motorcycle in the green stiffs next to the road and let it roll out there without falling down .
Bikiker suffers leg injury
Due to the collision with the car , the unk still suffered an injury to the time and had to be treated in a clinic .
Mamming unk corona mass infection : 174 harvesters infected
After a corona mass infection on a large vegetable farm in unk mamming , almost 500 people are under quarantine and are allowed to leave unk Betrieb unk more .
A security service supervises the ban on nightout .
A total of 174 unk tested positive for the corona pathogen Sars-CoV-2 during the screening , as the Landratsamt unk announced on Saturday evening .
&quot; In order to avoid a further spread , we unfortunately have to take this step to protect the population , &quot; explained unk Werner Bumeder ( CSU ) .
Previously , seven employees had already become infected in the company - this is the occasion of the series test
The unk is a large vegetable farm that grows strawberries , cucumbers , cabbage and beetroot - but the cucumbers only for inlay glasses .
Mamming is a rural community with a good 3300 inhabitants unk von Dingolfing with its large BMW plant .
Bumeder appealed to the citizens to keep calm : &quot; According to our information , it is a closed group of people &quot; .
On the unk , infected by uninfected employees were separated , the terrain is now surrounded by a barrier fence .
Greens and SPD gave close joint responsibility .
The two opposition factions accused Prime Minister Markus Söder ( CSU ) and his cabinet of neglecting the control of the housing of seasonal workers .
&quot; This can take revenge if such local infections have to be arranged unk and regional lockdowns , &quot; said Jürgen Mistol , the parliamentary unk of the Greens .
The SPD unk similarly : &quot; After the Corona eruption in the Wiesenhof slaughterhouse unk Mai , unk have already called for a unk also for farms with harvesters , &quot; said environmental expert Florian von Brunn .
&quot; In our view , the hygiene conditions at the workplace unk the living conditions must be sharply controlled .
This obviously did not happen . &quot;
The eruption came unk &quot; unk announcement &quot; .
Aidenbachstraße underground station : Dangerous dispute : 19-year-olds falls into the track bed after Schubser
In a dispute between two youth groups at the subway station Aidenbachstraße , a 19-year-old slipped through a thrwer just slipped into the track bed .
Obersendling - On Friday there was a dispute between two youth groups at the subway station Aidenbachstraße at 16.15 o &apos;clock .
A passer-by alerted the police , who approached with several strips .
According to first investigation , a Munich ( unk ) pushed a unk ground unk
The young man slid over the platform edge and unk into the track bed .
People from the 17-year-old group helped the fallen man to climb out of the track .
There was no danger from an arriving railway .
Like the unk , there were again clashes between the unk people unk
The radio initially fled from the scene of the crime , but its radio could be determined in retrospect .
In his father &apos;s drink , he went to unk Police Inspectorate 29 .
The 17-year-old is unk for bodily harm .
Report : Seehofer unk on longer data retention
Data retention is currently suspended .
Federal Minister of the Interior Horst Seehofer calls for an extension of the storage period unk
He wants to strengthen the fight against child abuse .
According to a media report , Federal Minister of the Interior Horst Seehofer ( CSU unk calls for extended data retention - instead of radio envisaged ten weeks .
As the &quot; Bild am Sonntag &quot; reports , Seehofer Minister of Justice Christine unk ( SPD ) writes a letter about a quick change of the law .
Seehofer unk therefore unk amplify the unk against child abuse .
He makes it makes sensible to &quot; make urgently needed adjustments to the law already now , &quot; the newspaper quotes from the letter .
Data retention is currently suspended .
There will be a decision unk ECJ .
Seehofer wants the unk beforehand , so that unk could be used immediately after a possible positive judgment , the report continues .
A spokesman for the Ministry of Justice told unk Zeitung that it was only be examined sensisible whether legal adjustments are required if the courts had ruled .
In the fight against child abuse and child pornography , Seehofer unk had already spoken out in favour of data retention with the interior ministers radio Länder had already spoken out in favour of data retention in June .
NBA : Strip club trouble for clipper star Lou Williams
unk in the NBA !
Lou Williams ( 33 ) , professional basketball player of the Los Angeles Clippers , unk the tournament quarter unk Disney World unk Orlando / Florida with permission for a funeral .
According to US media reports , he visited the strip club &quot; Magic City &quot; in Atlanta in the evening .
unk , unk the visit is to be admitted according to ESPN information , is back in isloation , is tested daily on COVID-19 .
His reason for the visit : Chicken Wings .
In February last year , &quot; Sweet unk &quot; , as he is called in the NBA , has already expressed his love for exactly unk wings .
The American unk : unk Magic City and Blue Flame ( a unk strip club in Atlanta unk usually ) have the best wings in town &quot; .
NBA insider Shams Charania announced on Twitter on Sunday that the NBA has ordered Williams a ten-day quarantine .
Thus , the clipper star misses the first unk official unk after the test game phase .
In Disney World , the NBA wants to play the Corona season .
unk the top 22 teams prepare unk for the season final , which begins on Friday during the night .
Söder unk sich unk mass infecton about the corona location
Munich - Health Minister Melanie Huml ( CSU ) has already announced a test offensive for large farms on Sunday .
unk press conference will be shown live on our homepage .
The unk in Mamming in the district of Dingolfing-Landau unk authorities and politics startled unk
On the large vegetable farm currently has almost 500 unk from several countries currently work on the large vegetable farm , more than a third has infected unk with unk corona pathogens .
The farm is now under quarantine and is locked off with a building fence .
No one is allowed to leave the unk food are delivered .
The authorities are now offering free corona tests to the approximately 3,300 inhabitants of the municipality .
Since the harvesters had unk population , unk Landratsamt previously assumes that unk infections have not spread beyond the farm unk
unk remorse &quot; : Confession of the alleged arson of Nantes
&quot; My client was cooperative , &quot; said lawyer Quentin Chabert to the newspaper .
The defender added : &quot; unk deeds very much , the confession was a liberation for him &quot; .
His mandate was plagued by remorse and taken away by the extent of unk destruction &quot; .
According to the prosecutor , the man is threatened with ten years imprisonment and a fine of 150,000 euros .
The Gothic Cathedral of St. Peter and Paul Cathedral in Nantes unk at the night of Saturday last week unk severely damaged in a fire .
The fire broke out in three closely distant places in the church .
Laboratory tests unk the suspicion of arson unk
The now imprisoned unk had already been arrested a few hours after the fire .
He was released after a day .
unk works as a volunteer for the diocese of Nantes and was responsible for the closure of the cathedral on the eve of the fire .
Since there was no trace of a violent intrusion unk the church , he quickly came into the focus of the investigators .
Discuss about abolition unk 50 + 1 rule
Former DFB President Reinhard Grindel has recommended thinking about the abolition of unk 50 + 1 rule .
&quot; Radio football should at least discuss , set conditions and unk rules to unk investors before the EU Commission creates perfect facts , &quot; said Grindel of the &quot; Bild am Sonntag &quot; .
He stressed : &quot; For the clubs that can most likely unk and Dortmund , unk + 1 rules do not work anyway : see Leipzig unk Leverkusen unk
In this respect , unk around unk debate does not come around whether unk is not unk , clubs that want to drink in this phalanx unk to facilitate the involvement of investors &quot; unk
However , he has doubts as to whether in the German Football League it is the willingness to allow majority stakes , which are unk in the Bundesliga by unk 50 + 1 rule unk
&quot; It remains a legal risk in a European unk investment fence around the business location Bundesliga unk , &quot; said Grindel unk
The former DFB boss sees the danger that &quot; the attempts to ensure more competitive balance in unk Bundesliga unk in the end only weaken the unk of our unk at the European level , unk do not lead to more excitement in the unk &quot; .
Even a equal distribution of TV money would not have a decisive effect .
&quot; FC Bayern makes a turnover of 750 million euros , Borussia Dortmund unk Millionen and RB Leipzig of 300 million unk
So the unk are already immense among the first three clubs alone .
The other 15 clubs have an average budget of 130 unk , &quot; explained the 58-year-old .
With a view to the past , Grindel feels betrayed .
&quot; Unfortunately , there have been people who noticed this mistake and pierced the press to talk to it , &quot; unk said about the adoption of an expensive watch that led to his resignation in April 2019 .
&quot; That has already occupied me a lot humanly . &quot;
The gift worth about 11,000 euros from a Ukrainian functionary .
unk I committed a compliance violation , and it was right to draw the consequences from it , &quot; said Grindel .
&quot; I treated the ominous watch gift in a completely transparently and unsuspecting .
Many knew about it in the unk about it &quot; .
He never &quot; made a secret of the gift , &quot; assured the 58-year-old .
unk may be called naive , unk this form of transparency was the complete opposite of corruption &quot; .
&quot; Black Lives Matter &quot; : Injured and a Dead
unk protests against police violence in the United States have escalated by Donald Trump &apos;s deployment of unk federal police in several cities .
On Saturday , there were clashes between demonstrators and police officers in various cities .
In Louisville , three people were injured and 16 people were arrested .
In Austin unk person killed by shots while a demonstration march just crossed unk intersection .
Previously , it was unk Portland during protests against radio and police violence .
The security forces , including officers of the federal police , dropped tear gas at night and forcibly attacked demonstrators .
Hundreds of partly armed demonstrators radio through Louisville in Kentucky and demanded that those responsible for the death of Breonna Taylor be pulled to unk .
The 26-year-old student had been unk at unk drug raid at her apartment in Louisville in March .
The goal of the raid was someone else who did not live there , and no drugs found .
When on Saturday a unk of a unk , which describes itself a unk alliance of black Americans , a shot of unk , three unk were injured .
After NBC , they were taken to the hospital .
unk of them was in mortal danger .
The police set up barricades because even unk of a white militia forms unk .
In the end , there was not come to unk of the two groups .
In Texas unk , a person was shot and died during a &quot; Black Lives Matter unk demonstration and died .
The police took a suspect into custody .
So far , she has not made more information about the circumstances of the crime .
According to the New York Times , Mayor Steve Adler announced that he was , like many unk of the city , &quot; inconsolable and stunned &quot; unk the unk what was happening .
unk in the American metropolis of Seattle , protesters clashed with the police on Saturday .
She unk in unk in front of a youth prison , the police put glare grenades and pepper spray unk .
The Seattle Times , 16 people were arrested for resistance to unk or bodily harm .
unk of the city of Oakland in California was set fire to the city of Oakland in California .
unk small group unk protesters had hit windows unk fireworks and police officers with radio blinded unk divided the police of unk late Saturday night ( local time ) unk .
The fire was quickly extinguished again .
In Aurora , a suburb of Denver in unk , unk car demonstrated by a crowd , unk on a highway .
According to the police , one of the protesters fired a gun and at least one person was taken to the hospital .
In addition , windows were also broken in a court and little fire was set , the police drink .
Investigations became unk .
Rakoczy in Bad Kissingen : Historical costumes defy Corona
Although the big break in the spa town was missing , visitors and performers enjoyed the unk alternative program .
It was unusual for visitors unk performers and organizers : The Rakoczy weekend without unk .
But : Even if the big party mile in the city center was missing , the crowds and program highlights such as Saale burns , radio or paression , many got their money &apos;s worth at the Corona-compliant alternative program unk .
&quot; I unk , we succeeded in spreading unk , &quot; says spa director Sylvie Thormann .
The guests would have accepted it well .
unk you return to the beginnings of the Rakoczy festival , unk alone the historical unk festivals were unk
Pleasant atmosphere
Vesna Konhäuser has been attending with her husband for more than 25 years getting unk Rakoczy festival Bad unk with her husband for more than 25 years .
So also unk in the Corona year .
The couple have made themselves comfortable at Luitpold Casino , watching the historical while strolling and listening to the Cuban live music at the casino restaurant .
&quot; I find it quite pleasant &quot; , unk Konhäuser unk
She doesn &apos;t miss the crowds who otherwise belong to Rakoczy
However , you lacks the usual program highlights , especially Saale burns on Friday evening the historic procade and the final fireworks on Sunday evening on Friday evening .
&quot; That &apos;s a pity .
The weather would have been great this year , &quot; she says .
Rakoczy equestrian tournament will take place Again
For the performers unk historischen unk , the alternative program sometimes meant more work .
For example , for unk , who participates in the procession in a normal year and can be seen there on the carriage of the Kurgartencafés .
This year she was on foot in the unk on Saturdays and Sundays in costume on foot in the unk on Saturdays and Sundays .
&quot; The unk more strenuous , unk we have it easier , &quot; says unk .
The equestrian club had less unk even if individual riders were on the road in the park .
&quot; We very much hope that the equestrian quadrille will take place again next year , &quot; says Chairman Ulrike Waldhofen .
She announced that after a break of several years in 2021 a Rakoczy equestrian tournament will take place again unk
28 Corona cases with Spanish second division club Fuenlabrada
The Spanish second division football club CF Fuenlabrada slides deeper into the crisis due to a Corona outbreak .
Since the newcomer from the unk of Madrid had flown to the city of A Coruña on 20 July , the newcomer from Madrid had flown to a game in the city of A Coruña on 20 July , a low strike follows the unk .
By Sunday , 28 players or team members had been tested positive , one came to the hospital , the club reported unk
Fuenlabrada from the city of the same name unk of Madrid still had the chance to reach unk promotion playoffs unk
Now there is a threatened of relegation to unk B group of the Second League .
The match against Deportivo La Coruña last Monday was cancelled at the last moment , the prosecutor &apos;s office is investigating for a possible offense unk the unk health , the top sports authority CSD is considering the forced descent of the club unk
The players and other team members are quarantined in a unk .
&quot; Until the sixth day of quarantine they have no fresh towel and unk gel unk &quot; unk wrote the sports newspaper &quot; AS &quot; unk
On photos you can see unk how unk underwear and club clothes in their rooms unk hotel to dry unk after they obviously had to wash them themselves .
The bed linen was also not changed for five days .
unk another problem is the food .
Neither is it unk nor sufficient , wrote &quot; AS &quot; .
The club management , on the other hand , said unk that one was satisfied with the hotel .
Electric attorney , Javier Tebas Llanas , rejected the accusation of deliberately endangering public health at risk was rejected by unk lawyer of the club , Javier Tebas Llanas , rejected the accusation of endangered public health .
The Corona rules established by the Football Association were not been violated , the son of the president of the Spanish Primera Division unk Javier Tebas , as reported by the news agency Europa Press and the sports newspaper &quot; Marca &quot; reported .
Before departure , there were four infected people until 19 July , but they were all isolated and did not travelled with them .
Directly before the flight on Monday to A Coruña , unk players and team members were tested again .
When the team was already in A unk , the Corona test was positive for &quot; five or six &quot; other team members .
The game was cancelled unk minutes before the kick-off , said unk Llanas .
Police have to catch radio torn out horses
Two animals were on the street unk
The unk led her back unk her owner .
On Sunday morning , just before 6 o &apos;clock , a road user shared two free-running horses on the feeder between the confluence unk / Steinsfeld and the motorway junction unk .
When the officers arrive , the horses already drink between the feeder and the village of Dampfach .
After a short unk steamers could become unk through the unk the confidence of the horses , they let a unk patrol car carried rope unk
Professional cyclist Tony Martin : Career continuel imaginable
Time trial specialist Tony unk is thinking about a sequel of his unk .
Frankfurt / Main - The seven-time time-trial world champion Tony unk imagine continuing his cycling career .
&quot; I am working with the team the framework conditions for how and in what form it could continue , &quot; said the 35-year-old unk &quot; Frankfurter Allgemeine Sonntagszeitung &quot; unk
unk is currently unk Dutch team Jumbo-Visma unk and had pulled before the corona break unk to finish his career after this year .
In unk negotiations with his team it is also unk number of race days unk he said .
Or about other problems that would plague him by his father of his family , Martin said .
In the past , he got up after a slight fall , and the first thought was : &quot; Quickly back on the unk .
Today , as the father of a little daughter : What if &quot; .
The professional cyclist cleared unk that there were unk aspects with which he found himself increasingly difficult .
&quot; But I knew to tell on the basis of the Corona time to notice what I have unk cycling and unk a lot of fun for me &quot; .
The time-trial specialist regins the competition at the Tour de l &apos;Ain ( 5 to 9 August ) .
Bavaria : unk four unk on Bavaria &apos;s streets by the unk
unk beautiful weather attracts bikers on unk roads in many places .
For at least three people , the tour ends fatally by motorcycle .
Even an 18 year unk pedestrian dies .
unk - At unk on Bavaria &apos;s streets , several , mostly young people died on radio .
An unk year-old motorcyclist was caught on Saturday at Schönthal ( district of Cham ) by a car that came on the counter lane .
It was initially unclear why unk cars got on the unk was initially unclear .
In Upper Bavaria , a 22-year-old collided on his machine with a horse-drawn carriage
He was downhill at Beilngries
In unk left turn he bolied against the unk .
His injuries were so severe , he died of unk .
From unk twelve inmates unk carriage unk a man seriously unk a man slightly injured , as the police reported .
In another fatal accident unk in the Upper Palatinate Bad Kötzting unk 18-year-olds .
He had laid down on unk street at night and was overrun by a 42-year-old driver .
According to the police , the 18-year-old wanted to sleep .
The driver could no longer brake in time .
At Schönberg ( district of Freyung-Grafenau ) , a 57-year-old biker bolided against a car in a right turn of unk emergency braking on Saturday .
He died at the scene of the accident .
unk 57-year-old driver suffered a shock , the unk three people in the car remained unharmed
The safety of motorcyclists was unk on Saturday by Bavaria &apos;s Minister of Transport Kerstin Schreyer ( CSU ) unk
In a letter to the organizer of the biker protests against driving bans announced for August , Gabor Kovacs , announced for August , the Minister referred to extensive investments such as underride protection on guardrails and the mitigation of dangerous corners .
&quot; We have achieved a lot for the safety of motorcyclists in recent years , &quot; said unk in the letter .
&quot; The number of unk two-wheelclists killed decreased by around 28 unk compared to the unk 2011 . &quot;
Kovac tests with unk against Frankfurt
Frankfurt / Main ( unk ) - For football coach Niko Kovac , his new unk AS Monaco will soon be a reunion with Eintracht Frankfurt with his new unk AS Monaco .
The eight-time French champion will perform unk 1 August ( 6 p.m. ) at the Hessians , the former unk of the Croat .
For the Bundesliga club , it is the first and only endurance test before the unk in the Europa League against unk ( 6 August ) .
Because of the Coronavirus pandemic , the encounter is played without spectators .
unk We are especially looking forward to this game .
It &apos;s always nice to come to Frankfurt and meet friends , &quot; explained Kovac .
Sporty , this is an interesting test , said unk .
Before his unk to FC Bayern München unk Kovac trained the Hesse of unk until 2018 unk led to victory in the DFB-Pokal .
&quot; A top-class opponent like Monaco unk is a good test for unk in terms of the game unk Basel .
Like unk Frankfurter I &apos;m looking forward to seeing you again with Niko Kovac &quot; unk said Eintracht coach Adi Hütter .
The 50-year-old Austrian had succeeded the unk at unk Eintracht .
In March , the Frankfurt lost the round of 16 against Basel 0-0 in their own stadium .
unk New infections : Landkreis Hof knapp am Lockdown unk
In the district of Hof , the number of radio known corona new infections has increased further on weekends : from 39 unk Friday and 43 unk Saturday ( one person has recovered and falls more into these statistics ) to unk on Sunday .
In addition , there is a case unk of the city of Hof .
Thus , the unk yard is approaching the critical mark of 50 new infections per 100,000 unk in unk week .
700 unk by monsoon rain in unk
The severe floods in Southeast Asia , more than just millions of people unk mainly in Bangladesh , India and Nepal .
Due to the unk monsoon rain , a total of 700 people were killed .
In Bangladesh , the Red Crescent is trying to reach people isolated in boats .
Entire villages are under water .
The farmers have lost their unk .
Tank rhinoceroses unk National Park die by landslides
In Kaziranga National Park , several of the 120 tank rhinoceroses died from landslides .
It is under protection and is considered to be endangered with extinction .
This year , the floods are particularly badly unk which is partly due to climate change .
According to the United Nations , unk is one of a country most affected by global warming .
New apartments are empty
In the village of Cox &apos;s Bazar in the south of unk , the state has built apartments for unk people displaced by the floods .
So far , only a few have moved in .
It is difficult to bring the unk to Cox &apos;s unk .
Also the unk in Grenezn .
unk formerly unk house had unk it was also unk so small and resembled a cottage , often does not want to unk in unk big unk his life unk .
Many apartments are empty , but - according to the government - should soon be occupied from unk , the unk house lost due to unk floods .
60 new corona new infections at just one unk in Vienna
In a 24-hour comparison , 60 corona new infections were reported in Vienna - in Lower Austria there were 22 new infections .
The Landessanitätsdirektion Wien and the medical crisis staff of the city of unk inform unk about the current case numbers and further unk to the COVID-19 virus : as of Sunday , 26 July 2020 , 8 : 00 a.m. , are confirmed in Vienna 4.840 ( + 60 ) unk tests unk
The number of deaths related to the virus is unk 204 .
unk ( + 48 ) People recover unk .
22 new coronavirus infections in Lower Austria
The number of coronavirus infections in unk rose by 22 to 3,288 on Sunday .
A patient has newly recovered unk information of the medical staff .
This increases the number of people recovered to unk .
There were currently 247 patients in the federal state .
147,253 tests were carried out .
105 people died in connection with the lung disease .
Argentina rejects counteroffer unk creditors
The new unk could not be met unk , shared unk Ministry of Economy in Buenos Aires on Saturday unk .
&quot; The unk is not only irresponsible , but also unjustly unk , it was said in a statement .
&quot; While 50 percent of children in Argentina live in poverty , we cannot reduce the short-term profits of our &quot; .
The debt of the second largest economy in South America is no longer relevant under the current conditions .
Argentina therefore calls on its private creditors to reounce some of its claims of around 66 billion US dollars ( around 59 billion euros ) .
If there is no agreement , unk Land will once again threatens the bankruptcy .
It would be the ninth default in unk Argentine unk .
unk the lenders had higher interest rates on the government bonds and unk at some contractual clauses .
The Argentine government , however , is stuck to its unk offer and is not willing to make any further concessions .
Argentina is unk of a heavy financial and unk
unk inflation rate was last more than 50 percent .
For the current year , experts expect economic strength to decline by around ten percent .
At the end , Argentina had not paid interest rate receivables in unk of 503 million US dollars and had thus slipped into a limited default .
Professionally arrived unk private still unk
&quot; It &apos;s going super well &quot; - Dr. unk Kramer draws this conclusion after her first days at unk in Eggenfelden .
In the middle of May , Dr. Stefanie Kramer learned that she will compete the unk of Lutz Feller in the Eggenfelden notary office .
unk six weeks later , unk July , unk lawyer &apos;s work on , the normal day-to-day business is long running at full speed .
&quot; Privately , however , I still have to arrive unk , she explains in conversation with the Rottaler Anzeiger and laughs .
unk short lead time was of course not enough to shift the unk from unk completely to Eggenfelden , reports the native Dingolfingerin unk
Currently , unk with her husband unk , who works in Regensburg as a judge at the district court in Regensburg , looking for a suitable apartment or unk house in the city .
At least her husband was able to apply for parental leave at short notice in order to ensure the care of the two daughters ( 3 ½ and unk ½ years old ) .
unk not to have to commute every day from Regensburg , for the time being she also has an overnight stay for her parents in Dingolfing , explains the 39-year-old .
Growing up in the neighboring district , the city of Eggenfelden has long been known to her for a long time .
During visits on site with her family in recent months , she has once again discovered : &quot; Eggenfelden is a very beautiful small town &quot; .
She was all the more pleased that she had made unk selection procedures around the free unk the race .
In Dr. Stefanie Kramer &apos;s professional career : After studying law in Passau , she completed her legal traineeship and the 2nd state examination unk Regensburg .
After radio positions as a notary assessor , among others in Rehau and Hof in Upper Franconia , Babenhausen in the Unterallgäu and Regensburg - during this time she also includes the doctorate in employment law , she has her first job as a notary in Rotthalmünster in the district of unk .
In unk 2016 , she went on parental leave , unk finally followed the move to Regensburg .
Since then , she has taken over representation services in various notary offices .
When unk Stelle in Eggenfelden was advertised because of the approaching retirement of Lutz Feller , she had seen the right time for the full professional communication , explains the 39-year-old .
The team of their predecessor , who will take over the unk in the notary office in the future , has completely taken over Dr. Stefanie Kramer completely unk and has a unk for the unk of the law firm unk &quot; unk läuft supergut ! &quot;
The fact that she can rely on well-rehearsed processes here makes it easier for her to take care of the upcoming shift of unk .
She has already made contact with a local institution in terms of kindergarten and crib places , she has already made contact with a local institution .
And if everything works as desired , unk hopes to be able to drink her hobby here soon - and to get to know the most beautiful jogging routes of the Rottal .
BVB plans to league start with a maximum of 15,000 spectators
Dortmund The biggest German unk in Dortmund will not even be filled to 20 percent at the start of the season in the event of a fan return .
&quot; Due to the unk , which must be adhered to , we are currently planning 12,000 to 15,000 spectators , &quot; said Borussia Dortmund &apos;s Managing Director Carsten Cramer to the &quot; Tagesspiegel &quot; .
Normally , unk Arena unk of the district city at Bundesliga matches a little more unk 81,000 unk at Bundesliga matches .
In the ghost games caused by the Corona pandemic , the BVB had been lost per game of unk Euro .
The Cramer , who is responsible for marketing , unk and internationalization at the BVB , hopes that , in addition to the normal spectator seats , some of the approximately 4,000 seats unk hospitality area can be opened again : &quot; It is of course a blow into the office if these revenues break away unk &quot; .
In view of the ongoing Corona crisis , everyone is currently &quot; well advised , first a stable side-length unk &quot; .
&quot; If many companies are not doing well , unk 6.8 million people are in unk in Germany alone , then the need is limited to entertainment &quot; , unk .
The Dortmund marketing boss praised the unk for their salary partial waiver , the unk overcoming of the crisis unk : &quot; Of course , the players know that unk salary waiver has a different effect , unk when we drink 100 people who work in merchandising , put on unk &quot; unk
unk Wondercles : Early start to life with a few hundred grams
Hardly heavier than a packerl butter , just three tablespoons of blood pks his entire body : that was Gabriel when he was born , he weighed exactly 273 grams .
The boy is unk of about 400 premature babies , which are cared for annually at the unk children &apos;s clinic unk
A quarter of them weigh less than 1,500 grams , a few - like Gabriel and his brothers Raphael and Michael - are extreme lightweight with less even a kilogram of birth weight .
They are unk small and born so early that neither lungs , nor intestines , nor muscles are fully developed .
Your skin is sometimes so delicate that they could hurt the electrodes unk ECG .
And they are so tiny unk that they sometimes wear doll &apos;s clothing and especially unk they made unk .
But not so unk that they were not in voice - &quot; and how , &quot; Berndt Urlesberger smiles .
&quot; unk , of course , they do not scream as unk as big unk &quot; .
When the whiteboard becomes a stage
Despite Corona unk in the classroom : The whiteboard as a stage was experienced shortly before the start of the holiday the 9th grade of the St. James Gymnasium in unk shortly before the start of the holiday .
Actress Julia unk from the theater of the city of Aalen unk the unk &quot; Das Heimatkleid &quot; - via video .
Afterwards , unk students were able to communicate via Skype with the actress unk to the director Winfried Tobias via unk plays and the performance unk .
unk idea was born for the performance format from the current corona situation .
Teacher Teresa Nar was very happy to enrich the teaching .
In the end , all parties involved agreed that the direct encounter in the theatre and stage space would offer even additional stimuli , unk in the theater also sees the potential for contact with the schools .
&quot; If we continue to understand the technical framework , this could be an interesting addition to the game operation , &quot; unk director Winfried Tobias .
First round drawn : Meet TSV unk in unk at Eintracht Frankfurt
Should the unk 1860 unk qualifies for the DFB-Pokal , the lions meet Eintracht Frankfurt in the first round .
This resulted in the unk on Sunday .
Munich - Sixty possible opponents in the first round unk DFB-Pokals steht fest .
The lions would meet Eintracht Frankfurt with a successful qualification .
This drinks the draw on Sunday evening unk of the unk .
unk because of the unk field of participants unk is complete , were used in the draw unk .
Due to the voluntary abandonment of semi-finals FC Memmingen , TSV 1860 unk is in the unk of the Bavarian Zero Cup ( 4 or 5 September ) .
There unk lions either on the Würzburger Kickers unk Aschaffenburg .
Should second division newcomup Würzburg were the final , Sechzig unk would be qualified for the first round of the DFB-Pokal .
Otherwise , the unk would have to prevail in the final against Regionalligist unk in the final .
The first round of the DFB Cup will take place between 11 and 14 September and unk one week before the third division start .
&quot; Vom Winde unk &quot; : Film legend unk de Havilland is dead
The film legend and Oscar winner Olivia de Havilland unk tot .
She died on Sunday in Paris at the age of 104 , confirmed her spokeswoman for the German Press Agency .
De Havilland was known for her unk as Melanie Hamilton in the southern epic &quot; Gone with the Wind &quot; ( 1939 ) .
Born in Tokyo as the child of British parents , Olivia de Havilland moved unk toddler to California .
The Austrian theatre man Max Reinhardt discovered the 19-year-old in the role of Hermia of Shakespeare &apos;s &quot; unk &quot; .
The film studio Warner Brothers signed her for seven years and brought her out on the side of unk Flynn .
ikea kallax kallax .
In 1946 she won her first Oscar in the leading role of &quot; To Each unk Own &quot; .
The film was shown in Germany under the unk &quot; Mother &apos;s Heart &quot; .
Three years later came the unk best actress unk William Wylers &quot; unk Heiress &quot; unk
She also received much recognition as a neurotic eccentric in &quot; The Dark Mirror &quot; and &quot; The Snake Pit &quot; .
Daphne du unk her in 1952 for unk leading role in unk film adaptation of her novel &quot; Meine Cousine unk .
The piece unk a worldwide success unk
With her longtime girlfriend Bette Davis she played in &quot; Lullaby for a Corpse &quot; .
From his marriage to the writer Marcus Goodrich ( 1946 – 1953 ) produced his son Benjamin .
In unk , de Havilland married journalist Pierre Paul Galante and had the daughter Gisèle unk .
Also this marriage broke down unk
Rumors of an affair with the former British Prime Minister unk Heath unk , however , never confirmed .
&quot; Road to Timmendorf &quot; : Beach volleyball : Thole / Wickler miss final on comeback
The unk Julius Thole and Clemens unk &quot; Road to Timmendorf &quot; missed the finale .
At the unk of the top teams in Düsseldorf , they lost in the semifinals to their national team colleague Nils Ehlers and Lars Flüggen in the semifinals with 1 : 2 ( 17 : unk , unk : 17 , 19 : unk ) .
Most recently , Thole / unk played at the World Tour Final in unk in September of last year .
In the final on the Rhine , their conquerors Ehlers / Flüggen scored a defeat against the surprise team Lukas Pfretschner and his interim partner Steven van de Velde 0 : unk ( 17 : 21 , 17 : unk ) .
In addition to the unk , unk starting places for the German championships were played at the beginning of September in Timmendorfer Strand : The tickets were secured by unk Dollinger / Simon Kulzer , Manuel Harms / Richard Peemüller and Simon Pfretschner / Milan Sievers .
Kalbitz ejection from AfD confirmed - FDP speaks of &quot; fig leaf &quot;
From the point of view of the FDP unk , the exclusion of Andreas Kalbitz from unk is from the point of view of the FDP unk a &quot; fig leaf &quot; from the point of view of the FDP unk and does not change the character of the unk .
&quot; The AfD is the parliamentary arm of unk in Germany .
Andreas Kalbitz is only unk the tip of the iceberg of the radicals in the AfD , &quot; said FDP interior politician Benjamin Strasser of the news agency dpa in Berlin .
On Saturday in Stuttgart , the Federal Court of Arbitration of the AfD had confirmed the exclusion of Kalbitz on Saturday in Stuttgart after several hours lasting several hours , which the unk decided in May .
Kalbitz is chairman of the AfD parliamentary group in the Brandenburg Landtag .
unk If the AfD were really concerned with consistently removing right-wing extremists from their party , functionaries such as unk Höcke unk would have long since been expelled its followers , &quot; unk Strasser .
&quot; However , there is no political will in the AfD , because right-wing extremism is now part of the party .
unk said unk CSU General Secretary Markus Blume : &quot; The fact that Andreas Kalbitz is now excluded does not say anything and does not change anything , &quot; he said the &quot; unk am Sonntag unk .
&quot; Rather , it speaks unk how many frenetic supporters a right-wing extremist still has in the middle of the AfD . &quot;
Blume goes out unk , unk will land in elections in the future unk below five percent in the future .
&quot; The days of unk of the parliaments are numbered &quot; .
Kalbitz was one of the spokesmen of the unk wing &quot; around the unk AfD state and group chairman Björn Höcke ; the unk classifies the unk &quot; secured right-wing extremist aspiration &quot; .
unk Mai , the AfD federal board Kalbitz from unk party .
He knows that Kalbitz had not given an earlier membership in the now banned far-right &quot; Heimattreuen Deutschen Jugend &quot; ( HDJ ) and in unk Republicans .
Kalbitz denies membership in the HDJ .
The chairman of the Left Group in the Brandenburg Landtag , Sebastian Walter , also stressed that the decision of the Federal Arbitration Court is nothing about the character of the AfD : &quot; The wolf only eaten chalk .
The AfD remains a far-right party unk ob mit unk ohne Kalbitz unk .
Neither with this decision weakened the federal party nor the right wing .
unk The manoeuvre of the Meuthen troop is transparent .
unk wants to escape further observation by the Protection of the Constitution and unk to get through under the radar , &quot; said unk .
&quot; The AfD will not get rid of the spirits it called .
A expjsion does not change anything , &quot; commented Brandenburg SPD Secretary-General Erik Stohn on the decision unk Kalbitz .
&quot; To this day , the AfD state association and the parliamentary group still held to their right-wing leader to this day &quot; .
The legal dispute over Kalbitz &apos;s membership in the AfD will continue .
He announced on Saturday that unk would now take action against the unk of the Federal Arbitration Court
North Sea wind farms provide a good 21 percent more electricity
In the first few months of the year , the wind power plants on the radio German North Sea fed 11.51 terawatt hours of electricity into the grid in the first radio months of the year .
This is a good 21 percent more than in the same period of the previous year , the network operator Tennet in Bayreuth .
Tennet is responsible for the transmission of the North Sea electricity to the mainland and the forwarding through the German radio .
The wind turbines on the Baltic Sea , which are not part of the radio of Tennet , have fed a further 2.22 terawatt hours of unk TWh ) of electricity .
In total , the wind power from the North Radio Baltic Sea thus comes to 13.73 TWh , compared to unk 11.64 unk in the first unk 2019 .
The wind harvesting at sea thus accounts for almost 19 percent of the total wind power in Germany ; that is about unk percentage points more than a year ago .
New unk ensure higher unk
In addition to the wind conditions , the increased contribution to offshore wind energy results from higher generating capacities , as new wind farms have been connected to the grid over the past twelve months .
If unk 1270 wind power plants in the North Sea all run at full power at the same time , they could charge 6.7 gigawatts of electricity .
unk transmission capacity is sufficient for this ; according to Tennet , it is 7.1 gigawatts .
By 2030 , it is expected to rise to 17 gigawatts in the German North Sea .
&quot; In Germany and unk , we are investing 20 billion euros in the expansion of wireless offshore grid connections , &quot; said Tennet Managing Director Tim Meyerjürgens .
In reality , wind farms cannot exploit their capacity at sea , but about 40 percent .
The unk record day this year is January 2 , when the North Sea wind farms generated more than just gigawatts of electricity .
The North Sea wind turbines drink about 2.5 to low gigawatts of electricity , which corresponds to three to four nuclear power plants .
This could supply almost seven million households with electricity .
Kunst unk Skirmish &quot; - an exhibition by the Leipzig artist Christian Bold at the Galerie unk Gmünder Kunstverein .
This was almost a unk anniversary celebration for the 130 .
Birthday of the Gmünder Kunstverein : The exhibition opening &quot; Skirmish &quot; with works by the Leipzig artist Christian Bold blew up the usual frame of the Corona break .
unk more art lovers than usual pursued the dialogue between unk artists and the unk of the Kunstverein , Professor Dr. Klaus Ripper .
The musical equivalent was provided by the band &quot; Defenders of the Universe &quot; on the southern Kornhausplatz .
Northern unk gallery engaged unk the club unk Sandtogether &quot; .
Freital : Windbergfest cancelled because of Corona
The Windbergfest takes place this year unk .
The city of Freital has cancelled the three-day festival planned in September .
In other years , more than 30,000 people had unk city festival .
&quot; We have truly not make this decision easy and - in the unk how difficult it is economically unk the parties involved - hoped until the last minute , explained Lord Mayor Uwe Rumberg ( non-partisan ) .
&quot; But we are responsible for the health of many thousands of people . &quot;
unk if tens of thousands had flowed to radio fixed grounds and into the unk , unk could not have been able to comply with minimum distances , hygiene regulations and contact tracking could not have been complied with in accordance with the current corona protection regulation could not have been complied with .
Or the restrictions would have been so strong that not much left of unk Volksfest .
In addition , the radio and surveillance effort would increase disproportionately many times over .
unk on next year .
Then the city of Freital unk celebrates its 100th anniversary with the unk from 7 to 9th unk and the day unk Sachsen from 10 to 12 September 2021 .
Olympic dressage Olympic champion Werth in Achleiten not to beat
Achleiten unk The six-time Olympic champion Isabell Werth was the outstanding rider at the dressage tournament in unk , Austria
The 51-year-old unk Rheinberg won four victories at four starts on the weekend .
After she had a Grand Prix unk at the prelude with Weihegold and unk , she does not drink on Sunday in the Grand Prix Special and in the freestyle .
On the music mare Weihegold , Werth prevailed against the unk Max-Theurer on Abegglen .
Also in the freestyle unk the German unk Saturday on unk in front of her 34-year-old student Victoria Max-Theurer .
Werth &apos;s winning horse Quantaz belongs to Max-Theurer .
The most successful dressage rider in the world unk establish the ten-year-old stallion in the Grand Prix .
For Quantaz it was the unk at all .
Already at the first tournament in Achleiten three weeks ago unk Werth won all the important four competitions unk
The last of the unk international unk scheduled there for 14 to 16 August .
Future more air traffic controllers in Worms in the future
The Wormser Hochschule unk in the air : The &quot; DFS unk Flugsicherung &quot; is a professorship for &quot; Air Traffic Management &quot; .
A corresponding contract between the university and the DFS has now been signed in Worms unk
The contract was initially concluded for three years and unk 2021 .
With the professorship , it is the possibility to enable the start of your studies not only in the summer , but also in the winter semester .
This means that twice as many students can become unk as before .
At the same time , the capacities unk in the unk as well as unk of the unk of the DFS are evenly utilized .
The DFS will advise the university on the establishment and appointment of the professorship .
Represented at the university since 2019
Since the summer semester 2019 , the first students are unk part of their training as an air traffic controller at the unk Worms in the Air unk degree programme .
unk this year unk nine students .
So far , unk experiences unk DFS are very positive , the achievements unk students unk outstanding .
The combination of unk pilot training helps unk to further increase the attractiveness of the pilot profession .
unk In these times , the promotion does not fall economically .
However , we firmly expect air traffic to recover and grow again in the long term .
In order to be able to fulfil our legal mandate in the future , we need highly qualified staff , &quot; unk Professor Klaus-Dieter Scheurle unk Managing Director of DFS at the signing of the contract .
&quot; For DFS , unk is a future-proof investment that will provide air traffic controllers with a broad , interdisciplinary knowledge base in the long term .
We therefore continue our good cooperation with unk Hochschule and at the same time underpin our attractiveness as an employer . &quot;
This is also underlined by Professor Dr. Jens Hermsdorf unk President of Worms University of Applied Sciences : unk The endowed professorship forms an important bridge between science and industry .
With her , unk an unk already existing cooperation with DFS Deutsche Flugsicherung as a practice partner unk the dual bachelor &apos;s degree programme in unk traffic unk
The trust of German Air Navigation Service is both a motivation and obligation for Worms University of Applied Sciences to further expand its teaching and research competence in the fields of the future of air transport .
In use for the air traffic controllers of tomorrow , the university with the first endowed professorship for a dual course of study .
unk Denis Alt , State Secretary at the Ministry of Science , Continuing Education and Culture , emphasises : &quot; The Worms University of Applied Sciences has a radio in Rhineland-Palatinate .
Today &apos;s signing of the cooperation agreement strengthens the profile of the university &quot; .
Rescue helwdriver unk on the A 45
About 30 minutes the highway A 45 unk Saturday afternoon in the direction of Aschaffenburg , as after a unk the rescue helicopter was in the unk .
A 76-year-old drove straight with a Ford at 12.40 o &apos;clock in the Alzenau-Mitte exit and landed at the guardrail .
the front tairbags , the unk becomes minor injuries on the face and unk for treatment in a hospital .
The injuries of the 72-year-old passenger were cared for by the emergency doctor and unk patient was flown to a hospital with the rescue helicopter .
At present , however , the police assume that there is no danger to death .
The damaged unk , at which unk of about 2000 euros was created , had to be towed
Heil wants to examine other industries after meat industry
The Corona crisis brought the conditions in parts of the unk .
Strengtening of law is imminent .
But are they right - and unk ?
Federal Labour Minister Hubertus Heil ( SPD ) wants other unk according to the now planned strict regulations against grievances in the meat industry .
&quot; We will take industry for unk and then suitable measures for the respective industry if necessary , &quot; said Heil of the German Press Agency in Berlin .
Germany &apos;s employers are already warning against restricting contracts for works in general .
After the mass Corona outbreak at the unk Tönnies in North Rhine-Westphalia , the Federal Cabinet wants to pass a law of salvation this Wednesday .
Large slaughterhouses should no longer be allowed to use external personnel in case of slaughter unk dismantling and meat processing .
For this purpose , the use of work contract and temporary workers is to be banned there .
Employer &apos; president Ingo Kramer said the dpa : &quot; Finger away a general restriction of contracts for work and temporary employment unk if unk does not want to completely stranfle the economy completely &quot; .
Work contracts are , for example , for radio areas of craftsmanship , radio and radio .
&quot; The misdeeds of individual unk do not destroy such an important instrument &quot; .
Heil vererte : &quot; My goal is to ban work contracts everywhere in the unk economy &quot; .
image may contain indoor .
&quot; When an industrial company orders a craftsman to install a unk , this is a very unk work contract . &quot;
The German meat industry considers a ban on contracts for work and unk in its unk unconstitutional .
It cannot be explain why drinking and packaging of unk cheese should be considered to labour law should be apply in the future than unk sausage in the future , according to a statement on the legislative project , such as the &quot; Neue Osnabrücker unk &quot; ( Saturday ) unk .
In the event of a ban , the consumer price would increase by 10 to 20 percent unk kilos and product .
In many cases , Eastern European employees from unk worked in the unk industry according to the results of a radio of the NRW-Arbeitsschutzverwaltung sometimes 16 hours a day .
Often they had a unk break .
Wage was withheld for protective equipment or rent .
It was also stated that the situation in the housing of workers was often miserable .
Heil said unk for the meat industry , a relatively strict law came into force in 2017
However , these were bypassed by &quot; tricky constructions &quot; .
&quot; Now must be fundamentally tidy unk &quot; .
The politician announced : &quot; In the Occupational Safety and Health Act , which we want to adopt in the cabinet at the end of July , also includes measures that not only affect the meat industry - for example , higher test rates for occupational safety and safety or clear criteria for joint accommodation &quot; .
The draft dpa draft includes amendments to the law on radio labour rights in the meat industry as well as the unk .
unk Consumer Protection Minister Ursula Nonnemacher ( Greens ) considers more intensive radio to be necessary
&quot; I would like us to be able to make radio checks in many supervisory areas : food controls , animal welfare unk everything sorts of things , for example unk Tiertransporte unk , said Nonnemacher on Sunday in the RBB programme &quot; Brandenburg aktuell &quot; .
But for more controls , more personnel departments are also necessary for more controls .
Three dead in crash of ultralight aircraft in Germany
According to the police , three people died in the crash of an ultralight aircraft on an apartment building in Wesel in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia .
One child was slightly injured .
Two unk people were rescued in the misfortune , said unk spokesman unk Wesel .
According to the police , a parachute was found at the scene of the accident .
The &quot; Rheinische Post &quot; reported , citing eyewitnesses unk before the crash , the aircraft had collided a hot air balloon .
The house is about a single or two-family house .
At first , further unk were initially unknown .
evacution of Frankfurter Opernplatz peacefully unk
One week after the riots in Frankfurt , the evacuation of the Opernplatz at night to unk was peaceful .
Finally , several dozen people were still on the square , but drink it at unk o &apos;clock before the start of the curfew .
The police were in duty in the early evening with numerous officers , and a larger police contingent could be seen throughout the unk .
For the first time this weekend from midnight , there was a ban on entering the Opernplatz , where unk came to riots a week ago .
Policemen had been attacked with bottles out of the crowd of celebrants .
At least five officers were injured and several police vehicles were damaged .
The night to Saturday was also quietly unk .
Car flips over : Young woman unk accident on main road unk Hofgeismar seriously injured
In an accident unk Schöneberg and Hümme , a 21-year-old suffered serious injuries on Sunday at around 1.25 p.m .
She was taken to the Klinikum Kassel .
With unk , the fire brigade was looking for possible passengers .
According to the police , the unk was , according to the police , the police was on the way on Bundesstraße 83 , the unk was on the way in the direction of her place of residence Hümme , when her car came off unk for a previously unexplained reasons and flipped over several times .
In order to save the accident , the fire brigade had to cut the roof of the car .
unk was unclear whether there was still anyone in the vehicle , the adjacent corn field was searched from the turntable ladder with a thermal imaging camera .
The unk from Warburg , which also works with thermal imaging cameras , had also been ordered for radio person search .
However , the emergency services did not find anyone between the high corn plants .
The seriously injured were taken by the ambulance to Kasseler unk with the ambulance .
Almost 50 emergency services unk fire brigade Hofgeismar , Hümme and Schöneberg unk on site .
The highway was closed for two hours due to the accident .
Juventus Turin unk in Italy
unk - After a redeeming goal from Cristiano Ronaldo , record champion Juventus Turin has won the Italian championship for the unk time in a row .
The team around the five-time world footballer made the 36th scudetto of the club &apos;s history perfect with a 2 : 0 ( unk 0 ) on the unk in the unk Sampdoria Genoa .
Ronaldo unk to the 1 : 0 before the unk .
With 83 unk , Turin , which competed without the last long injured former international player Sami Khedira , is no longer displace unk place one two matchdays before the end of the Serie A season .
The unk Inter Milan is seven points behind .
Juventus was harmless despite optical superiority in the first half , then Ronaldo hit unk of the last action after a free-kick variant .
A play by Miralem Pjanic used unk 35-year-olds from the penalty area line directly with a flat shot ( 45 . + 7 ) .
Ronaldo was also took part in the 2 – 0 against the now more offensive guests Ronaldo was also involved in the 2 : 0 against the more offensive guests , Federico unk ( 67th ) .
This secured the lackluster , unk success .
The foul meter shot on the bar in the 89th minute should have correctly hassed Ronaldo himself with a view to the goalscorer classification .
&quot; It &apos;s complicated to stay mentally unk physically at ball level for 90 minutes .
The unk are strange , and unk momentum is very easy , &quot; explained coach Maurizio Sarri after the 1 : 2 with Udinese Calcio .
Especially the mental exhaustion of his players is great , said the juve coach .
Because of the defeat , the Turin had not yet been able to drink the championship perfectly .
In the end , Juve owe the reassuring lead at the top of the table to the weakness of unk .
In the eleven games before the match on Sunday , the Si team won only five victories .
Whether Ronaldo will also be unk is questionable .
While the Portuguese superstar has scored 31 goals so far , the former Dortmund Ciro Immobile has already scored 34 goals on his unk after his pack of three in the 5 : 1 ( 1 : 1 ) of Lazio Rom unk Hellas unk - as many as Robert Lewandowski contributed to the title win of FC Bayern .
The record in Italy is held by current juve pro Gonzalo unk holds the record in Italy .
The Argentine scored 36 goals for SSC Naples in the 2015 – 2016 season .
In August , the next title chance awaits the &quot; unk lady &quot; of Italian unk .
Juventus is in the round of 16 of the Champions unk , but on 7 August against Olympique Lyon make up for a 0 – 0 first leg defeat to reach the final tournament in Lisbon .
In the next knockout round , Real Madrid unk Manchester City would wait as an opponent .
Baden-Württemberg : More than 250 unk car races registered
Stuttgart - Despite all threatened punishments and court judgments , motorists accelerate in countless illegal races on unk Baden-Württemberg roads : unk past unk and the first four months of this year , the police in the southwest have already registered more than 250 illegal car races .
Although there are no comparisons for the years of unk , but unk Raser are doing the unk increasingly and increasingly work : At the prosecutors &apos;s offices between Constance and Mannheim , a total of 155 investigations were conducted for illegal races , one year later it was already 252 and in the current unk until the beginning of June already 151 .
The races were less about organized events , as can be seen from the response of the Ministry of the Interior to a request from the Landtag SPD .
In most cases , the drivers spontaneously competed against each other or unk fled the police - this is also indicated as an illegal race .
At the wheel were mainly German men between the ages of 18 and 60 .
113 fines - unk imprisonment
Only in comparatively few cases are the unk are caught and also asked to checkout : According to the Ministry of the Interior , a total of 113 unk have been imposed and 15 unk pronounced unk
However , there is no evidence that the number of illegal car races is actually increasing .
Rather , other motorists reacted more sensitive than before because of the several radio accidents and processes , other motorists reacted unk years more sensitively than before and indicated more often , unk a ministerial spokesman .
Especially popular with racasers is the motorway 8 is particularly popular with racasers . Again and again , motorists brake down the traffic there in order to provide unk space and use the free track for a race .
Last August , a dozen riders were caught near unk Kirchheim unter Teck , three months earlier it was unk 18 unk on the A8 at Merklingen .
A81 is most popular &quot; unk &quot;
On the A81 , the police registered even more races than on any other federal motorway .
With a speed limit , attempts are made to slow down the speeders on the particularly affected section between Engen and Geisingen .
The mostly high-priced and pimped up sports and luxury cars often have Swiss license plates , because the drivers switch to Germany for a lawn because of the high unk for too fast driving and car racing in the neighboring country .
For the SPD , the speed limit must not reduce a few distances unk &quot; With a general radio of 130 kilometers per hour , we can solve this problem on motorways , &quot; says Martin Rivoir , the transport expert of unk .
&quot; The inhibition threshold for speeders would be significantly higher if you could not drink 200 kilometers per hour and more on the road here and there . &quot;
Rivoir unk thinks of enlightenment or image campaigns : &quot; in such a way disregards all rules in such a way and not only your own life , but also the life of other road users , is hardly attainable with reason .
ADAC calls for stronger crackdown unk police
Radio is enough for the ADAC : &quot; We assume that Raser unk will not be deterred from the speed limits , &quot; says unk Bach , Head of Transport and unk at ADAC Württemberg .
It also calls for additional unk even tougher controls on the affected routes .
Not infrequently , the high-speed showdown becomes wise and momentous seriousness : Since January 2019 and until April 2020 , three people died nationwide in the races nationwide since January 2019 and until April 2020 , two of them are uninvolved in a nocturnal crash in Stuttgart &apos;s city centre and one in Gerlingen unk
In November , two young men are said to have delivered a car race .
A unk vehicle came off the road , bounced against unk garden wall and stayed on the unk the 18-year-old passenger died .
21 more people were injured in the races of the unk two years .
However , according to Interior Minister of Interior Minister Strobl , however , sharper punishments are not necessary in the opinion of Interior Minister Thomas Strobl , sharsevere punishments are not necessary : &quot; unk need for action to sanction radio motor vehicle races harder unk , unk not seen &quot; unk it is called unk paper unk Ministry of the Interior .
unk of July 23 : Thirsty burglar steals drinks from snack
Rohrdorf : unk man broke into unk snack on Thursday in Rohrdorf ( Calw district ) and stole drinks and cash .
A witness heard sounds in the valley road at around 3.40 a.m. and ran towards the snack .
unk he noticed a man who used unk drinks on the fridge and then left unk snack through a previously broken entrance door .
The perpetrator fled towards the unk behind the snack .
The burglar used unk police unk at a cash register and stole cash in the low three-digit range .
The suspect is described as follows : He is about 1.75 to 1.80 unk in size and of unk stature .
In fact , he wore a black hoodie , black trousers and light shoes .
The police receive further testimonies are accepted by the police .
Ackermann sprints unk victory on final stage at Sibiu Tour
Professional cyclist Pascal Ackermann won his second day victory on the final stage of the 10th Sibiu Tour .
The 26-year-old Palatine from Team unk prevailed on unk 109-kilometre long section unk start and finish in Sibiu in the mass sprint , after he already won a stage at the unk .
unk were the unk three and four for Ackermann .
In the overall standings , his unk teammate Gregor Mühlberger prevailed .
In the morning , the 26-year-old had confidently won the unk in the morning and thus took over unk top in the classification .
Only 104 riders were left unk in the evening at the final stage in the evening .
No less than 18 starters had fallen victim to unk mountain time trials had fallen victim to the time limit .
&quot; I &apos;m really happy to start the season restart with a unk , Ackermann unk had explained his success on Saturday .
&quot; The sprint was really hectic , &quot; said the 26-year-old .
300 meters from the finish , he simply put on his sprint , &quot; and it also worked out perfectly &quot; .
According to the Radio unk Weltverband unk , a corona test was carried out for all race participants and their companions six days before the start of the race .
During the entire tour , drivers and supervisivers were separated from the organising team and the media in isolated hygiene bubbles .
unk at the start and finish were not allowed .
Control center gave instruction on amateur resuscitation
unk - unk accident unk Sunday noon in Düsseldorf-Garath .
In an apartment house , unk Kind ( 4 ) was suddenly lifeless in the water while bathing .
According to the fire brigade , the emergency call was received at just before 13 o &apos;clock .
&quot; A control center dispatent immediately gave instructions unk amateur resuscitation , &quot; said a fire spokesman to BILD .
Electric incoming rescue workers took over the resuscitation measures a little afterwards .
The child floating in unk , was resuscitation to the Uniklinik unk under resuscitation .
Why it crashed is unclear unk
The police routinely opened the investigation into the cause of the accident .
The fire spokesman : &quot; We assume a tragic accident in the apartment &quot; .
Nuremberg : Unapproved tuning meeting - police intervene , 700 unk around unk people
Hundreds of cars and temporarily over 1000 people took part in a &quot; tuning meeting &quot; in the parking lot of a furniture store .
unk Police implemented their unk to increasingly control such events .
A big tuning meeting took place on Saturday evening ( 25 July 2020 ) in Nuremberg &apos;s southern city .
Several hundred vehicles were involved .
According to unk Mittelfranken , the Nuremberg Transport Police found an increased volume of vehicles in the area of a large parking lot in Ingolstädter Straße .
As a result , the police carried out a large number of vehicle inspections there .
Only recently , unk had announced its intention to take increased action against so-called autoposers .
Illegal tuning meeting in Nuremberg : Only a small part of unk &quot; scene &quot;
The officers were among the top of a good 700 vehicles unk about 1100 people , summed up the unk .
However , only a small part of those present of the &quot; unk &quot; and tuning scene is unk .
Apparently , most of the relevant scene responded to the appeal of the police .
On the basis of the unk vehicles and people , it can be assumed that this is mainly about onlookers .
In addition , the majority of those present adhered to the applicable infection protection regulations , in particular the point of the minimum distance and radio wearing of a mouth-nose protection .
The radio carried out on site were finished at 1 : 00 a.m .
In total , the officials noted such structural changes in 10 vehicles that the operating permit had expired .
Four of these vehicles had to be unk .
unk Car Racing
There were no illegal car racing .
&quot; The Middle Franconia Police Headquarters will continue to keep an eye on the events and will continue to carry out increased control measures , also in connection with the advent of onlookers , durch unk , it was said .
The unk News5 spoke to Jürgen Schrödinger from the unk involved . &quot; unk have all the beautiful rims , which we must not scratch them , &quot; says Schrödinger .
unk would use special tapes .
Also because the cars are wider , the company must make sure not to cause any damage .
&quot; The young unk should finally get their cars back unscathed &quot; .
Figures unk Employment agency : 900 suspected cases on unk at unk
According to its own statement , Berlin - unk Bundesagentur für Arbeit ( BA ) , according to its own statement , investigates around 900 cases of suspicion of wise abuse in short-time workers &apos; allowance .
&quot; This is not little for more than unk companies unk that have indicated short-time work , unk little , &quot; said Daniel Terzenbach , the board member responsible for the operative business , Daniel Terzenbach , member responsible for the operative business , of the unk Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung unk , who is responsible for the operative business .
When at the beginning of the Corona crisis , many companies suddenly applied for short-time work at the beginning of the Corona crisis , the BA had to react quickly .
Normally , the exam lasts up to unk weeks .
&quot; unk a lot of time was not available to us unk this hot unk was not available to us .
We will take a closer look at the unk .
It will certainly be a lot .
We are not naive and have a long breath &quot; .
Evidence of unk often come from the radio or trade unions concerned .
In addition , use BA unk to detect abuse patterns .
According to Terzenbach , the BA is preparing for a possible unk in autumn .
&quot; Will there be unk more bankruptcies unk previous year unk
unk assessments go apart but we also arm the case of the case and already train our employees in unk employment agencies for the unk of applications on unk &quot; .
The numbers are still unk , said Terzenbach .
World Heritage in Potsdam : unk dissolved in the New Garden
Potsdam - On Friday evening , about 40 young people celebrated a unk party in the New Garden .
The collection unk was dissolved at 8.48 p.m. by the auditors of the Stiftung Preußische Schlösser und Gärten ( SPSG ) , the foundation announced upon PNN request .
unk teenpeople would have left unk park .
On Saturday evening , unk teenpeople would have played rugby in the New Garden .
The meadow was cleared by unk , said SPSG spokesman Frank unk on Sunday .
Again and again there are illegal celebrations in the parks
In the parks of the foundation unk again and again too unk where the distance and hygiene rules COVID19 contact ordinance are not complied with .
At the end of June , there was a celebration of about 300 people in Park Babelsberg , a week later about 150 people celebrated in the New Garden .
Even without coronai regulation , unk parks are closed at nightfall .
The storage on the meadows is forbidden unk parking regulations , it unk only unk exceptions unk
The foundation has been complaining for some time that visitors would leave more and more garbage and destroy protected biotopes .
In Berlin , meanwhile , illegal park parties have reached a unk dimension .
In the Hasenheide unk district Neukölln unk at night to Sunday 5000 unk illegal techno party .
The event was unk by the police .
Austria : Mass tests by unk tourist resort
With hundreds of tests , authorities have reacted to a unk in the radio Upper Austrian tourist resort of St. Wolfgang .
The number of confirmed cases rose to 48 , according to the state authorities in Linz .
More than 100 results are still available in the evening .
Accordingly , many of the unk young interns are in tourism companies , but at least one holiday guest unk tested positive .
Inhabitants , guests and tourism staff were asked to stay in their accommodations unk Saturday evenings .
The curfew was fixed with unk clock .
&quot; unk gives there and there cancellations and cancellations &quot; of bookings , unk boss unk Wolfgangsee , unk Wieser , the dpa .
Some guests also left prematurely .
St. unk is the most important tourist resort of Upper Austria &apos;s unk with more than 400,000 unk last year .
In a unk season , about a third of the guests are Germans .
On Friday , the first infections became publicly known .
The head of unk , Alois unk , defended on Saturday the behavior of the interns , who could have celebrated in several unk and have been infected there .
&quot; We all liked to do that in our youth , &quot; he told the radio station Ö1 .
However , two bars were closed on Friday to prevent further infections .
The Tourist Board launched an information campaign to sensitize unk to the unk of COVID-19 .
From unk then hundreds of unk , holidaymakers and locals tested .
In addition , all guests who were in St. Wolfgang from 15 July were contacted .
The eruption awakens memories of the Austrian ski and party resort of Ischgl unk Tirol , which in the early phase of the pandemic , is a center of corona spread throughout Europe in the early phase of the pandemic .
In total , more than 1,500 people in Austria are currently infected with the virus .
The focus of the new infections is Vienna and Upper Austria
Premier League : Man United and Chelsea for Champions League unk
London ( dpa ) - English football record champion Manchester United returns to the Champions League after a year of absence .
The Red Devils secured third place in the league in matchday of the Premier League , the Red Devils secured third place in the table by a 2-0 ( 0 – 0 ) win against Leicester City .
The unk now have to settle for the Europa League , because FC unk passed by and also qualified for the premier class as fourth .
In the fight against the relegation , Aston Villa unk &quot; .
Manchester United took the lead by a penalty kick by Bruno Fernandes ( 71st unk ) .
After a unk card for Leicester City in the extra time , Jesse met unk ( 90th + 8 ) to the final score .
Chelsea , unk opponent of FC Bayern , won thanks to Mason Mount ( 45th + 1 ) and Olivier Giroud ( 45th + 4 ) parallel with 2 unk ( 2 : 0 ) against Wolverhampton Wanderers unk
unk That means a lot to me , &quot; unk Frank Lampard , who faces Arsenal in his first season as a chelsea coach unk in the final of the FA Cup against Arsenal in his first season as a Chelsea coach unk .
Tottenham unk also benefited from Chelsea &apos;s victory over Wolverhampton also benefited Tottenham unk , who passed the Wolves with a meagre 1-1 ( 1-0 ) at Crystal Palace and finished sixth in the Europa League .
Aston Villa won the unk with FC unk and unk AFC Bournemouth , but had to tremble at West Ham United for a long time for class preservation for a long time at West Ham United for a long time .
The unk leadership of Jack Grealish ( 84th ) immediately balanced Andrey Yarmolenko ( 85th ) .
The 1 : 1 unk 0 – 0 ) was enough because Watford lost 2 – 3 ( 1 – 3 ) at Arsenal .
The unk of the season three unk in the season , increases after five first division years unk .
Just like unk , that even unk a 3 : 1 unk 2 : 1 ) at FC Everton .
In the end there is a point .
The unk Liverpool , which has been known as English unk since the end of June , secured unk with a 3 : 1 ( 1 : 1 ) victory unk Newcastle unk club record .
unk counters are the highest value unk the unk ever have in a football season .
The points record unk English football unk coach Jürgen Klopp with his team only narrowly .
unk holds Manchester City with 100 points unk of the 2017 / 18 season unk
unk of the Newcastle lead in the first minute , Virgil van Dijk ( 38th ) , Divock Origi ( 59th ) and Sadio unk ( unk ) played the role on unk for Liverpool .
&quot; For this wonderful unk it was an extraordinary season , &quot; said goalscorer van Dijk after the game , &quot; that should spur us to defend the title unk
It will be difficult . &quot;
Satisfied unk in the end unk to be the Premier league bosses .
Due to the Coronavirus crisis , unk England unk was interrupted from 13 March to 17 June .
In the meantime , unk even discusses a premature demolition or a hosting of the remaining games on neutral ground .
After all , however , the season could be played without special incidents - but as in Germany without spectators in the stadiums .
Arrests and violence at demonstrations against unk
The protests in Israel against Prime Minister Netanyahu are becoming more and more fierce .
unk of the night there have been violent clashes .
The night of Sunday , the Israeli police forcibly attacked the night to Sunday against participants in a demonstration against the right-wing conservative Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu .
Twelve people were arrested for participating in riots , police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld unk .
The police occasionally used other water cannons to dissolve the rally .
According to media reports , a total of around 6,000 unk gathered in the unk of Netanyahu &apos;s official headquarters on Saturday evening .
They protested against unk corruption and Netanyahu &apos;s handling of unk Corona crisis .
The protesters beat drums , blew into horns and called on Netanyahu to resign .
There are also participants of a unk arrested unk , unk Netanyahu supported , reported unk news site &quot; ynet &quot; .
People also demonstrated at many other unk Israel , including in front of the private villa of the head of government in the coastal city of Caesarea and in a park in Tel unk
According to police , a man was arrested near Tel Aviv because he is suspected of pepper spray unk protesters sprayed at the roadside unk .
Another man was unk after a stabbing attack on a demonstrator in the unk of the country .
The unk was slightly injured on the neck .
In Jerusalem and Tel unk there were several demonstrations against unk .
The unk accompany the corruption process against the head of government .
Most recently , Netanyahu was also criticized for its handling unk corona crisis
Among other things , he is accused , among other things , premature loosening and a lack of preparation for a second corona wave .
The Corona crisis has severely affected the country ’ s economy .
The unk was last more than 20 percent .
The number of unk new infections with unk in Israel recently rose to ever new unk
Accident at Ahlen ( NRW ) - Transporter kracht auf Auto - neun Verletzte unk Ruhrgebiet - Bild.de
Ahlen - A rear-end collision caused nine minor injuries on Saturday afternoon on the unk near Ahlen on Saturday afternoon .
A driver was unk both children ( 3 , 5 ) towards unk .
The police : &quot; Presumably unk had suddenly slowed down because unk wanted to turn &quot; .
Electric drivers of a Mercedes transporter who drove behind her must have that too late .
He crashed on the car at the back .
At unk occupants in unk car and unk the transporter unk injured .
Several unk took her to a surrounding hospital .
North Korea seals border town after Corona suspicion
North Korea has so far also saw its own measures to ward off the coronavirus as a &quot; shining unk &quot; unk
Now the country is reporting for the first time on a suspicion case for the first time .
Because of a first official Corona suspicion in the country , North Korea has completely sealed off a big city for fear of a catastrophe .
unk the strictest epidemiological defensive measures in the unk six months unk , the unk could have been introduced into the unk , &quot; reported the state media .
The state of emergency was imposed on the region around the border town of unk
unk communist leadership proclaimed the highest alarm level .
If the suspicion case were confirmed , it would be the first official case of infection with Sars-CoV-2 in the closed country .
North Korea had so far , according to its own statements , not a single infection and described its defensive measures as &quot; unk success &quot; .
The information was doubted abroad .
According to unk , the symptoms of the disease were simply noted by an &quot; outlier &quot; who illegally crossed the military demarcation line between South and North Korea on 19 July .
The person had set off in front of three unk to unk and now just returned the border .
For the crossing of the border within unk four kilometers wide unk mostly mined military buffer zone there is no confirmation from South Korea initially no confirmation .
However , according to reports from the national news agency Yonhap , South Korea &apos;s military gave the possibility of an illegal border crossing unk North Korea .
Investigations on some people unk
According to its own statements , an emergency meeting of the Politburo of the Workers &apos; Party , chaired by ruler Kim Jong unk .
The &quot; dangerous situation in Kaesong could trigger a unk destructive unk &quot; unk
Kim had already ordered unk Friday as a preventive measure , &quot; Kaesong completely and isolate each district and the region from others .
The affected person as well as all the people in Kaesong who had unk with him were unk under unk .
The central military commission of the party should therefore investigate unk &quot; unk &quot; as well as the conduct of the responsible military unit and , if necessary , impose harsh punishment .
It is estimated that about 300,000 people live in Kaesong .
Excitement before Council meeting : City-Ost and noise protection are still under discussion before a great summer break
&quot; In addition to environmental issues , the committee members will also vote , among other things , on the development plan for the major project Innenstadtentwicklung-Ost , &quot; says rather casually in the middle section of the municipal press release on the next municipal council meeting on Tuesday , 28 July , at 4.30 p.m. in the Great Hall unk CongressCentrums Pforzheim .
However , the appreciation of the eastern city is controversially discussed until the end .
The majorities for this are scarce , most recently in individual committees , depending on the presence .
unk from business ( unk real estate unk trade and IT ) , the unk developed out of the citizenship and then unk administration and unk developed unk now not after unk ten years unk scheitern unk lassen unk criticized project opponent Reinhard Klein as unk extra-parliamentary opposition &quot; , &quot; unsuspecting &quot; , &quot; speculation unk , &quot; denigration &quot; and &quot; unk &quot; .
&quot; Everyone thinks it &apos;s better unk &quot; , unk Klein , unk has been a member of the municipal council for a year as a radio representative of the Bürgerliste Pforzheim .
In fact , after reading the Treaties , he is in this position : &quot; I know what I &apos;m talking about . &quot;
The unk comes the unk cheaper to refurbish the Technical Town Hall unk , contrary to statements from the city administration according to subsidies , the existence of which Klein is convinced , for 8.5 million euros .
The city will develop quite differently than is be predicted by the proponents from the economy .
unk City unk to design its own strength and not unk investor : This is his plan unk The FDP / FW unk UB / LED parliamentary group , which also rejects the project , presented an alternative concept unk
It also provides for the refurbishment of the Technical Town Hall , the open keeping of the Schloßberg unk the rental of unk Ex-Thales for administrative areas and a small-scale unk in the ideal case with local supports .
Environmental issues play a central role
In addition , environmental issues will play a central role .
Among other things , the municipal council will vote on unk , among other things .
unk includes various measures on the radio of the Pforzheim population from health noise pollution , caused by road traffic , often speed reductions .
In a press release , unk hiesige Verkehrsclub Deutschland welcomes the unk introduction of Tempo 30 . However , the radio responsible in unk Stadt are not innocent of the fact that this must be done , because they have only contributed to the massive increase in car traffic and thus the noise by neglecting the regular bus traffic with thinned out cycles and by little commitment to cycling , they have only contributed to the massive increase in car traffic and thus of noise , according to the VCD .
The municipal council also coordinates on the participation of the city of the energy and climate protection agency Pforzheim / Enzkreis .
In addition , on the agenda the accession to the radio of the state of Baden-Württemberg , the redefinition of the parents ental contributions to the urban day-care centres unk the application for admission in the smart city promotion of the federal government .
Citizens are welcome , but must heed Corona protection measures .
Tim Zimmermann starts the new season with a lot of delay
With almost half a unk delay , Tim Zimmermann starts his premiere season unk ADAC GT Masters on 31 July .
Before the league of supersports cars commup regular operation , the first unk were now due .
For Zimmermann , unk was about getting to know his Lamborghini Huracan GT3 unk .
The Corona crisis has long prevented Tim Zimmermann from being able to tackle his first business trip unk new unk Huracan from Grasser Racing .
This was now possible under special hygiene conditions .
unk 23-year-old Langenargener made his first laps on the Lausitzring and got used to his premiere in the GT3 car .
&quot; There are already a few things that are different unk out of unk at Porsche , &quot; says Zimmermann .
&quot; With the ABS , for example , you have to go into the curves differently .
But it really was a lot of fun . &quot;
He also had fun with Steijn Schothorst , with whom he shares his orange sports car in the GT Masters unk
The Dutchman is experienced despite his unk 25 years unk experienced unk GT sports unk could help his new team-mate in many things .
&quot; I &apos;m not a beginner in motorsport unk , but every new series also entails new challenges , &quot; unk Zimmermann .
unk Steijn and unk understand us unk and we have made tremendous progress at the Lausitzring unk from session to session at the Lausitzring &quot; .
Right there - at the Lausitzring - the GT Masters will also run its first race .
From 31 July , the 33 supercars will race through Lusatia .
Zimmermann , who is one of 15 series newcomers , knows the unk .
In 2015 he was a last guest at the Motodrom .
&quot; It worked fast and unk had to get used to the track , &quot; says unk , who starts the Friedrichshafener Renngemeinschaft Graf Zeppelin
&quot; The Lausitzring has many fast passages , which you have to meet optimally to be unk &quot; .
How fast Zimmermann really is , that turns out in two unk .
&quot; Of course the teams play a little at unk &quot; , unk er unk
&quot; In the end , however , we are very satisfied unk are looking forward to unk first weekend at the Lausitzring &quot; .
The race in Brandenburg will be the prelude of a densely crowded calendar .
By the beginning of November , there are seven races until the beginning of November .
Currently state is that no spectators will be admitted to be unk but there is a prominent unk .
In mid-August at the Nürburgring unk former Formula 1 driver Niko Hülkenberg in the GT steering wheel unk .
British Minister of Transport caught by quarantine decision cold caught
According to press reports , the British government &apos;s decision to quarantine for two weeks after its return has , according to press reports , coldly caught the country &apos;s Minister of Transport , according to press reports .
Accordingly , Grant Shapps is currently on holiday in Spain , unk his colleagues at home on Saturday unk measure .
Due to the rise in corona figures in Spain , the Cabinet unk London deleted the country from the list of countries from which entry is possible without quarantine requirements .
The new regulation will apply from today , Sunday , so Shapps will also have to quarantine after his return .
In Austria , unk government has imposed radio quarantine measures on returnees .
unk the regulation applies to those who unk are just located on the deadline , only from unk Saturday , August 1 unk and was not introduced overnight .
By the way , unk is still considered one of the &quot; safe countries &quot; for which no quarantine in unk is required .
&quot; Numerous ministers may have known in advance that there is a possibility of quarantine for holidaymakers Spain , &quot; commented unk Diane Abbot .
&quot; But apparently no one has bothered to tell Grant Shapps . &quot;
Almost a month after the end of the Corona emergency in Spain and the expiration of the strict curfew , the unk in the unk rise again .
unk mainly blame the nightlife for unk new spread .
Spain is one of the favourite holiday destinations of the British .
unk not necessary travel to the Spanish mainland currently advises the unk government , the Canary Islands unk popular with British holidaymakers and unk are unk except unk
To date , more than 272,000 infections with the novel coronavirus and more than 28,000 deaths have been recorded in Spain .
Russia : unk of the navy : Putin announces unk for warships
The Russian unk Vladimir Putin has announced unk day unk navy in unk Land an equipment of warships with unk hypersonic weapons .
These weapons , which are unique in the world would expand the capabilities of the Russian naval forces , Putin said on Sunday in St. Petersburg at the central naval Parade .
According to the Ministry of Defense , according to the agency Interfax , the Ministry of Defense also talks on successful tests of the naval built hypersonic rocket zirconium built for the Navy .
The hypersonic weapons have a multiple of the unk of about unk meters per second .
They are considered weapons of the future
Underwater tropedeo continues to be unk
unk will also continue to be the atomic unk underwater torpedo Poseidon , it was said .
The planned sea drone is planned for unk coastal destinations .
The president , who drove unk with a military boat unk said that in unk year alone new ships would be put into service by the individual fleet units of the largest country in the world .
Russia has such a coastal area than any other country in the world .
For 300 years , the navy has been reliably protecting Russia reliably for 300 years , Putin said on the day celebrated nationwide by sailors .
On many other Russian coastal towns , too , the naval forces celebrated the Day of the Navy with parades .
In Syria , where unk fights at the side of ruler Bashar al-Assad , the military demonstrated unk of a show of weapons in the unk of Tartu &apos;s strength .
Ammunition was also fired
A video published by the Ministry of Defense featured not only warships , unk a submarine , but also unk and jets .
Hurricane &quot; Hanna &quot; reaches Texas : unk difficult due to Corona
Washington - The first hurricane of this year &apos;s season over the Atlantic has hit unk in Texas .
Life-threatening floods , strong winds unk heavy rainfall now threatened parts of the US state , unk the unk hurricane center of the US climate authority NOAA in the night on Sunday ( local time ) unk
Governor Greg Abbott called a state of emergency for many districts .
The unk rampant in Texas unk the work of the helpers , Abbott said , according to the US media .
Evacuees called for caution
&quot; Every hurricane is a tremendous challenge , &quot; unk Abbott , according to the newspaper &quot; Houston Chronicle &quot; .
Looking at the cyclone in Texas , he added , &quot; unk is complicated and is exacerbated considering that it is sweeping through an area that is the state &apos;s most affected by COVID-19 . &quot;
According to John Hopkins University , around 5,000 people have died in Texas alone as a result of the Corona pandemic .
Abbott called for caution to people who had to leave their homes .
She unk practices , unk we have become accustomed &quot; , do not disregard , unk wearing masks unk said the governor according to the station CBS unk
It is important that everyone kept their distance .
Therefore , in some places also hotel rooms provided unk .
unk should be tested for unk in emergency shelters .
Damage was initially only reported from the coastal town of Port Mansfield .
Storm warning withdrawn
With winds of up to 150 kilometers per hour , unk Hanna &quot; was hit on land on unk island of Padre Island just off the Texas coast .
The tropical storm was previously upgraded to the lowest stage one hurricane .
For the stretch of coastline of Port Mansfield unk Sargent , a unk had been enacted and later withdrawn .
unk expected a weakening , unk &quot; Hanna &quot; moved further inland and headed towards the northeast of Mexico .
&quot; Douglas &quot; is moving towards Hawaii
In the Pacific , hurricane &quot; Douglas &quot; was on the road for Hawaii on late night on Sunday with winds of about 150 kilometers per hour .
However , the hurricane center , however , is , however , that it continues to weaken unk .
According to little prediction , it will unk on Sunday ( local time ) near the largest islands in Hawaii - then as a storm just below the hurricane threshold .
Over the Atlantic , NOAA expected an above-average hurricane season over the Atlantic this year .
From June to unk November , up to ten hurricanes are to be expected , unk could be up to six very unk cyclones , the authorities had stated .
unk average there are unk year over the Atlantic six hurricanes , three unk develop into storms of great strength unk
In view of the available climate data and the higher water temperature in the Atlantic and the Caribbean , the likelihood of a normal season is only 30 percent , that of a below-average unk is ten percent , it was said at that time .
US President Donald Trump wrote on Twitter that his administration was closely observing the storms and was in contact with the states concerned .
Four goals revoked : Video assistant &quot; punished &quot; Sassuolo
Sassuolos Filip Djuricic were stripped of two goals
Naples - Four goals unk , four unk revoked : Sassuolo unk experienced a raven black evening at the 0 : 2 ( 0 : 1 ) at the SSC Naples in the Italian football league Serie A - and was really sour unk the video assistant of the referee .
&quot; A festival of ungiven goals for Sassuolo .
Never before has the VAR been so hard against a team , &quot; commented the &quot; Corriere dello Sport &quot; .
Host Naples took the lead through a goal from defender Elseid Hisaj in the 8th minute , in the 32nd minute Filip Djuricic cheered on the balance .
The Video Assistant Referee ( unk ) returns the hit because of a side position .
Five minutes later , Djuricic shot the ball unk into the net - again the VAR intervened .
unk the goals of attackers Francesco unk ( 50th ) and Domenico Berardi ( 61st ) , the referee team withdrew according to the VAR .
In the extra time , Allan made the 2-0 final score for Naples and the bitter evening for Sassuolo .
&quot; The VAR is unk Sassuolo worse than a unk on the road and punishes Sassuolo like no unk before .
The new technology sets records , &quot; writes the &quot; Gazzetta unk Sport &quot; unk
FC Bayern Munich : unk injured
Munich unk dpa ) - The start unk the hot preparation phase unk the Champions League began for unk FC Bayern with a setback .
Hansi Flick , who recovered after a short holiday and a few training days &quot; reasonably well &quot; after a unk short holiday and a few training days , has to think already after the first team training how unk can do his successful defense after the injury of world champion Benjamin Pavard .
The Frenchman , who had the third most minutes of operation behind Captain Manuel Neuer and midfielder Joshua Kimmich , unk suffered a band injury at the unk foot root and threatens to be missing in decisive royal class duels .
In the Munich smuggling weather , the right-wing defender broke a training game unk and was driven off the field with a golf kart .
unk long the unlimited unk has to pause in the fight for the unk , is open unk
A match in the round of 16 against Chelsea on 8 August should be difficult , hoping for the final tournament of the 24-year-old , which begins in Lisbon on 12 August .
unk Bayern do not want to be stopped by the mishap from the training on Sunday .
In his personal unk , Flick mentioned the three attributes he wants to see from his stars on his way to Portugal &apos;s capital .
Quality unk and concentration should show his victorious hungry title collectors in the ideally 28 unk until the king class final on August 23 unk
&quot; We have the unk championship and trophy just excellent unk .
Now we is important to create something special , &quot; said Flick .
Until the people of Munich can specifically deal with the unk and previously a training camp in unk Algarve , however , the round of 16 against Chelsea is pending .
After unk 3 : unk in the first leg before the Corona break , the Londoners become unk in a separate arena unk as in the lost &quot; Finale dahoam unk 2012 .
&quot; We have to go the door first .
unk want to win , create good conditions unk recharge trust with a good game , &quot; demanded unk .
A radio test is scheduled on Friday against Olympique Marseille .
With a long speech , Flick had occasionally swore his stars , who had 13 days of vacation after unk double , a unique August .
31 players welcomed unk on the Säbener Straße , unk also the new players around noble shopping Leroy unk which for the first time after his change from Manchester unk all the new colleagues on the square unk
&quot; Leroy , like all newcomers , &quot; Flick reported .
But instead of unk over the new season , when Sané &amp; Co. are no longer only allowed to train , unk Flick prefers about the unk title project of German unk .
After days of individual and small group training , the Londoners are now trained in team strength for the Londoners , who , in contrast to unk lick ensemble , are in the playing rhythm .
unk could have a quarter-finals against FC Barcelona and Lionel Messi , in the semifinals Real Madrid , Manchester unk or Juventus Turin are possible opponents .
unk way to the final in Lisbon &quot; unk not quite so easy &quot; , stressed the head coach , who can rely on the services of his new assistant Miroslav Klose in training .
The World Championship record goalscorer unk and Flick know of many common tournament preparation , which is important for the 0-to 100 attunement .
With his current team , working is &quot; a pleasure &quot; , Flick praised .
unk &quot; Focusing on winning &quot; is an impressive characteristic of his team .
At the tournament with nine-teams , it was very ambitious on Sunday .
Of the top performers , including the unk Thiago and defender David Alaba , whose whereabouts is not secured beyond the royal class season .
Formula 1 needs a special rule to select its world champion
Since it is not possible to drive on the required number of continents , the FIA must improvise to award unk the World Cup titles .
All American races were cancelled .
Race calendar unk more and more concrete
unk race calendar of the current Formula One season continues to take shape .
In addition to the ten confirmed Grand Prix , three more race tracks were added during the week .
In October , the Nürburgring will be driven in Germany and in the Portuguese Portimão .
On the first of November , Lewis Hamilton and Co. will fight for unk at the traditional Italian race track in Imola .
Thus , the race calendar 2020 according to the current level is 13 unk .
unk We are delighted to continue to achieve unk in the completion of our plans for the 2020 season , &quot; said Formula One boss Chase Carey .
In this extraordinary season , 15 to 18 races will be completed in the premier class of unk will be completed in this extraordinary season .
unk wants the Formula 1 their season in Asia .
The unk race calendar will be fixed and published in the coming weeks .
Before the already officially targeted races in Bahrain unk Abu Dhabi unk December , according to media reports , performances could still take place in Vietnam and Malaysia at the end of November .
Regulations require race on three unk
However , the regulations of the unk 1 require at least races on three unk for the award of the World Championship .
Even if , as currently planned , only two continents are driven , there will be a world champion .
With the help of a special rule , the FIA wants to award the titles under unk to &quot; extraordinary circumstances &quot; because of the coronavirus pandemic .
The traditional start to the season in unk in March had to be cancelled due to unk corona crisis .
A return to the continent unk this year is not a unk .
In addition , Formula 1 will not be a guest in America in unk year .
Refusal encounters criticism in unk
Due to the tense corona situation , the races unk Canada unk will not take place in the USA , Mexico and Brazil .
&quot; We look forward to meeting them again in the unk season , &quot; explained Carey .
The refusal of unk America races was criticized , especially in Brazil : unk The refusal was not surprising for unk , we do not accept the reasons for this we do not accept the reasons for this , &quot; said Tamas Rohonyi , promoter of the Grand Prix in São Paulo .
For example , the number of infections in the São Paulo area is significantly lower than in unk Brazil .
Moreover , the concerns of some teams about not wanting to drive in Brazil would also not justify unk .
We is prepared for the required security measures .
unk Thunberg : Evil look against Donald Trump went around the world
Greta Thunberg unk about her meeting unk US President Donald unk .
Greta Thunberg was a guest on the well-known latenight show of unk Colbert via video clip and revealed in an interview what she had in her head with her unk Donald Trump .
unk Greta Thunberg was a guest on a popular US latenight show .
Among other things , she talked about her fight against the unk of the world
unk her famous &quot; evil eye &quot; at her encounter with Donald Trump spoke the teenager .
New York City - In unk past two unk , climate activist Greta Thunberg unk tireless commitment to unk &quot; Fridays For Future &quot; movement
In a well-known latenight show about her plans in the future as well as her meeting with US President Donald Trump at the UN climate summit in the unk year .
unk Stephen Colbert welcomed 17-year-old Thunberg on Tuesday unk of your show unk a longer interview with unk Schwedin .
She spoke not only about her fight against climate change , but also about her conflict with the powerful of the world .
&quot; There are some things that surprised me , &quot; she said .
&quot; How far people go to steer unk away from the climate crisis , &quot; she has shed
&quot; Everything from organized hate campaigns to threats , just because a group of children take to the streets , &quot; she experienced .
unk and leading politicians who ridicule them on social media or even try to make them to the unk , she finds &quot; funny &quot; , as the reactions show her &quot; since they have no other answer to it &quot; unk
It became especially interesting at the end of the interview when Greta Thunberg became unk on a well-known unk , in which she threw US President Trump a bitter unk at US President Trump .
At the UN Climate Summit 2019 in New unk , for which the nuist sailed across the Atlantic , her expressive unk was absorbed by unk cameras unk has since been seen by countless people on the Internet .
The short clip resulted in a GIF , an animated image that ultimately became one of the most commonly used images for Trump opponents .
But what did the 17-year-old think about the US president at that moment ?
unk the relatively open question of Stephen Colbert she only briefly replied dryly : &quot; To be honest , I think this requires no further explanation &quot; .
The experienced satirist unk had probably not expected the quick-witted answer and disappeared from the picture for a short laughing .
With her &quot; How dare you ? &quot; speech unk principles of climate protection , she was remembered on the unk many .
unk real mobile with pack of three for Lazio Rome
Ciro Immobile is now in the race for Europe &apos;s Golden Shoe , Ciro Immobile is now on par with Bavaria &apos;s Robert Lewandowski in the race for Europe &apos;s Golden Shoe .
The former Dortmund Ciro Immobile continues to have the best chance of becoming the top scorer of the Italian Football Championship .
unk former BVB pro at the 5 : 1 ( 1 : unk victory of Lazio Rome at Hellas unk hits , among them two converted penalty kicks in the extra times of both halves unk
This means that unk 30-year-olds from the fourth in the table now have two games of the season before the end now have 34 season goals on his account - just as many Robert Lewandowski unk FC Bayern Munich in the expired unk .
In Italy , Cristiano Ronaldo follows the Portuguese superstar with 30 goals so far , the Portuguese superstar met Sampdoria Genoa with the leader in the evening still on Sampdoria Genoa .
Fleetwood Mac co-founder unk Green died
His life was like a rollercoaster ride unk After unk rapid ascent with Fleetwood Mac unk went steeply downhill and then slowly up again .
Now the blues rock guitarist unk Green died at the age of 73 .
Ingenious guitarist , drug junkie , cult plower : The co-founder of the band Fleetwood Mac unk Peter Green , is unk .
He died peacefully in his sleep at the age of 73 , told family members in a radio statement that another unk would be announced for the unk days .
Top musicians like Peter Frampton praised Green as one of the best blues and rock guitarists .
Mick Fleetwood spoke in an emotional reaction of a &quot; monumental loss &quot; unk all unk and current members of the band Fleetwood Mac .
The drummer unk and the guitarist unk had long since formed legendary band formed in London in 1967 . unk bis heute unvergessen is his dreamy instrumental hit &quot; Albatross &quot; .
The life of the musician ( &quot; unk End unk The Game &quot; , &quot; In The Skies &quot; ) resembled a rollercoaster ride
With Fleetwood Mac unk experienced a fast-paced ascent - unk celebrated its biggest unk but unk without unk .
unk is said to have given disputes , unk all the profits of the group for charity .
He began to perform in wide robes and unk large crucifix .
Also psychological problems are said to have played a role unk
Three years after the founding unk Green the band formed the band in 1970 .
This was followed by a social communication .
unk blues rock guitarist unk under drug abuse and schizophrenia unk as biographers reported .
For a long time Green was treated in psychiatry
During most of the unk years , the musician disappeared from the scene .
He is said to have lived temporarily on the street , worked as a cemetery gardener and spent unk Israeli kibbutz .
Green was born in Bethnal Green , London .
Even in young unk he gets himself for unk like B.B. King unk Muddy Waters .
At the age of eleven he learned the first guitar reefs .
At the age of 15 , the teenager began playing the guitar professionally and five years later got the unk as a lead guitarist for the instrumental band Peter B &apos;s Looners
He was not hired as a replacement for his idol Eric unk with the Bluesbreakers .
In the middle of the blues boom , Green founded Fleetwood Mac in the summer of 1967 , along with his blues breaks colleagues unk and John McVie .
The unk &quot; Albatross &quot; composed by Green gave the unk the first number 1 hit in the winter of 1968 / unk and catapulted it to the unk of British unk .
But the rapid ascent soon showed unk : Green unk did not show the media hype , his experiments unk of the drug LSD became more and more extreme .
He later commented on the life between music and addiction in an interview : &quot; The unk that is unk to me in life unk is the unk - the best was to land a number 1 hit &quot; .
Towards the end of the decade , unk achieved surprisingly unk success with unk album inspired by religious themes .
unk Mac swam without him in unk formation on a unk .
Their 1977 album &quot; Rumours &quot; sold more than 40 million copies .
Despite very small solo successes , Green did not make a major comeback unk until he started in 1996 with a group of musicians friends in 1996 .
At that time , the British &quot; Daily unk &quot; spoke at that time spoke of a unk returning to Earth .
Free from drugs unk green with the Peter Green Splinter Group some albums until the band unk up in 2004 .
For music experts , he was a blues legend during his lifetime - and with his gentle sound of a unk most influential guitarist of the past decades .
