Biker reacts lightning quickly and prevents worse
On Friday evening, a traffic accident occurred on the country road between Machtolsheim and Merklingen which a motorcyclist was slightly injured due to his rapid reaction.
Car driver overlooks bikers
A 44year-old car driver wanted to come at 21.30 with her VW from Merklingen turn left onto Landesstraße 1230 towards Machtolsheim.
She saw the 24year-old motorof Nellingen.
During collision hand and foot brake lever fly away
The biker still tried to doavoid the car, but pped it at the rear of vehicle.
Due pping process the Suzuki the hand and foot brake levers were and the driver was no longer able to brake.
He mind he controlled his motorcycle in the green ards next to the road and let it rolled out there without falling fall.
Biker suffers leg injury
Due the cllision with the car, the biker suffered an injury the and had to be treated in a clinic.
Mamming: Corona mass infection: 174 Harvpers infected
After corona mass infection on a large vegetable farm in Mamming Bavaria, almost 500 people are under quarantined and are no allowed leave the plant.
A security service monitors the ban.
A total of 174 harvest ers were tested positive on the Corona pathogen Sars-CoV-2 series, as the Dingolfing-Landau reported on Saturday evening.
"In avoid further spread, unfortunately we unfortunately have to take this step to protect the population," explained or Werner Bumeder (CSU).
Previously, seven employees had already infected in the operation - this was the reason of the series test.
The plant is a large vegetable farm that grows strawberries, cucumbers, cabbage and red etroot - but the cucumbers only for inglasses.
Mamming is a rural municipality with over 3300 inhabitants far from Dingolfing with its large BMW plant.
Bumeder aled on the citizens to maintain peace: "According to our information it is a closed circle of people".
In the farm infected were separated from uninfected employees, the site is now surrounded by a -off fence.
The and SPD gave responsibility to the state government.
The two opposition groups accused Prime Minister Markus Söder (CSU) and his cabinet to neglect the control of ings of seasonal workers.
"This can bitterly revenge if such local infection events have out and regional lockdowns must to be arranged," said Jürgen Mistol, the parliamentary director of the Greens.
This the SPD sees very similar: "After the Corona outbreak in the Wiesenhof slaughterhouse in mid-May, we already demanded a special control program for farms with harvestfarmers," said environmental expert Florian von Brunn.
"Especially hygiene conditions at the workplace and housing conditions must be ply controlled from our view.
This obviously not happen. "
The outbreak had come "with announcement".
Understation Aidenbachstraße: Dangerous dispute: 19-year-old old falls the track bed after Schubser
In a dispute between two youth groups at the station Aidenbachstraße station, a 19-year-old old fell through a drawer and slipped into the track bed.
Obersendling - On Friday a dispute between two youth groups at the Aidenbachstraße station at 4.15.
A passersby alted the police who arrived with several strips.
According to first investigations, a Munich (17) pushed a 19-year-old to the ground.
The young man slipped over the platform and fell into the track bed.
People from the group of 17-year-old helped the crclimb out of the track.
There of a train.
As the police reports, there ashes between the two people.
The 17-year-old fled from the scene, but his personal alities could determined.
In accompanied his father, he went to police inspection 29.
The 17-year-old is determined for body injury.
Report: Seehofer urges for longer stock data storage
Storage data storage is currently suspended.
However Federal Interior Horst Seehofer for an extension of the storage period after a media report.
It aims to strengthen the fight against child abuse.
Federal Minister of Interior Horst Seehofer (CSU) demands for extended stock data storage after a media report, half instead of the ten weeks.
As the "Bild am Sonntag" reports, Seehofer asked Minister of Justice Minister Christine Lambrecht (SPD) asked in a letter for a rapid change of law.
Seehofer wants to strengthen measures against child abuse.
He considers it is sense to "make urgneeded adjustments in the law," es the newspaper from the letter.
The stock data storage is suspended.
A decision by the ECJ is expected.
Seehofer wants the changes advance so that they could be applied immediately after a possible positive judgment, the report.
A spokesman for the Ministry of Justice told the newspaper that it could whether legal adjustments if the courts decided.
In the fight against child abuse and child pornography, Seehofer together with the interior ministers of the countries voted for stock data storage in June.
NBA: Stripclub anger for Clippers star Lou Williams
Excitement in the NBA!
Lou Williams (33), basketball professional of the Los Angeles Clippers, is said to have left the tournament headquarters in Disney World in Orlando, Florida with permission for a funeral.
According to US media reports he visited the strip club "Magic City" in Atlanta.
Williams, who is said to have admitted the visit according to ESPN, is back in isloation, is tested daily on Covid-19.
His reason for visit: Chicken Wings.
In February last year, "Sweet Lou", as called in the NBA, has already expressed his love for these Wings.
The American wrote: "Magic City and Blue Flame (another strip club in Atlanta, R.) have the best Wings in the city". "
NBA insider Shams Charania announced on Twitter on Sunday that the NBA Williams ordered a ten-day quarantine.
The Clippers Star missed the first two official games after the test game phase.
In Disney World, the NBA wants to play the Corona season.
Currently the best 22 teams with training games are preparing for the Season final starting night on Friday.
Söder mass on the Corona situation
Munich - Minister of Health Minister Melanie Huml (CSU) announced a test offensive for large farms on Sunday.
The press conference will be seen live on our homepage.
The case in Mamming in the Dingolfing-Landau has ated authorities and politics.
At the large vegetable farm currently almost 500 harvest pers from several countries working, over a third has infected with the Corona pathogen.
The farm is now quarantined and is closed with a fence.
No one can leave the site, food are supplied.
The over 3300 residents of the municipality authorities offer free corona tests.
Since the harvest ers had little contact with the local population, the council assumes that the infections have not spread beyond the farm.
"Conscience": Confession of the alleged arson of Nantes
"My client has shown coatively," said lawyer Quentin Chabert of the newspaper.
The defender added, "He much regrets the eds, the confession was a liberation for him."
His mandate was "plagued by of conscience and taken by the extent of destruction".
In the case of a convicsentence, the man according to the prosecutor ten years in imprisonprison and a fine of 150,000.
The Gothic Saint Peter and Paul Cathedral in Nantes was severely damaged by a fire the night on Saturday last week.
The fire was broke in three places in the church.
Laboratory tests confirmed the suspicion of fire son.
The suspect had been arrested a few hours after the fire.
He was released after a day.
The man works as a volunteer for the diocese of Nantes and was on the eve of the fire was responsible for the closing of the cathedral.
Since there was no trace of violent penetration into the church, he quickly became the view of the investigators.
Discuss about the abolition of the 50 + 1 rule
Former DFPresident Reinhard Grindel recommended consider about the abolition of the 50 + 1 rule.
"German football should at least discuss set conditions and clear rules for investors before the EU Commission creates completed facts," said Grindel of the "image on Sunday".
He stressed: "For the clubs that can most dangerous Bavaria and Dortmund, the 50 + 1 rules do not work anyway: see Leipzig or Leverkusen.
In we is not around the debate whether it is not necessary to associations who want to break into this Phalanx the involvement of investors ".
However he has doubts whether in the German Football League willingness to allow majority participation prohibited in the Bundesliga by the 50 + 1 rule.
"There remains a legal risk of drawing investment fences in a European single market to the Bundesliga business location Bundesliga," said Grindel.
The former DFboss sees the danger that "the attempts to ensure more competitive balance in the Bundesliga ultimately only weaken the competitiveness of our top clubs at European level, but do not lead to more tension in the championship".
Even a equal distribution of TV money will not have a decisive effect.
"FC Bayern makes a turnover of 750 million euros, Borussia Dortmund of 500 million and RB Leipzig of 300 million.
The differences are ense among the first three clubs.
The other 15 clubs have an average budget of 130 million, "said the 58-year-old.
Looking the past, Grindel feels betrayed.
"Unfortunately, there were people who noticed this mistake and ed the press instead of speaking me it," said Grindel about the adoption of an expensive watch that led its resignation in April 2019.
"That has occupied human."
He received the gift worth of around 11,000 euros from a Ukrainian official.
"I committed a compliance violation and it was right to draw the consequences," said Grindel said.
"With the ominous watch gift I handled completely transparent and susplessly.
Many in the DFB knew about. "
He never "made a our of the gift," sured the 58-year-old.
"This may call naive, at least this form of transparency was the complete opposite of corruption".
"Black Lives Matter": Ininjured and a Dead
The protests against police violence in the United States have ated by Donald Trump's use of federal police in several cities.
On Saturday clashes between demonstrators and police emen in cities.
In Louisville three people were injured, 16 people arrested in Seattle.
In Austin, a person was killed by shots, while a demonstration train just crossed a crossing.
Previously clashes in Portland during protests against racism and police violence.
The security forces, including officials from the Federal police, used tear gas at the night Saturday and violcibly led demonstrators.
Hundreds of partly armed demonstrators marched through Louisville in Kentucky on Saturday and demanding that those responsible held responsible for the death of Breonna Taylor be held.
The 26year-old student was shot in in a drug raid in her home in Louisville.
The aim of the raid was someone who did not live there, and no drugs were found.
On Saturday a member of a group calling itself an armed alliance of black Americans shot a shot, three people were injured.
According to NBC, they were taken to hospital.
None of them floated in danger life.
The police set barricades because counterders of a white militia had formed.
The between the two groups.
In Austin Texas, a person was shot and died in of a "Black Lives Matter" demonstration.
The police took a suspect in custody.
She details on the circumstances of the.
Mayor Steve Adler according to the New York Times, Mayor Steve that he was, like many in the city, "disting and stned" because of what had happened.
In the American ropolis of Seattle, demonstrators had clashes with the police on Saturday.
They set construction cars front of a youth prison, the police used glshenades and pepper spray.
According to the Seattle Times, 16 people were arrested for resistance to police or injury.
In the city of Oakland, California a court thouse was set fire.
A small group of demonstrators had windows, shot fireworks bodies and blinded police officers blinded with lasers, Oakland police on late Saturday night (local time).
The fire could be ingu.
In Aurora, a suburb of Denver in Colorado, a car drove through a crowd demonstrated on a highway.
As the police reported, one of the demonstrators fired a weapon and at least one person was taken to the hospital.
There windows were in a court and a fire was as the police reported.
Inveswere taken.
Rakoczy in Bad Kissingen: Historical costumes defy Corona
Although the big break in the spa town, visitors and peractors enjoyed the Rakoczy flair of the alternative program.
It was ununusual for visitors, peractors and organizers: the Rakoczy weekend without Rakoczy festival.
But: Even if the big party mile in the city center missing, crowds and program points such as Saale burning, Rakoczyball or ade, many in the Corona a-ant alternative program.
"I think we have managed to spread Rakoczy flair," says Director Sylvie Thormann.
The guests would accepted it well.
In principle, one return to the beginnings of the Rakoczy ast and the historical were in the focus of the festival.
Pleasant atmosphere
Vesna Konhäuser has visited with her husband to the Rakoczy festival Bad Kissingen for more than 25 years.
This this time in the Corona year.
The couple made it comfortable at Luitpold Casino, watching the historical while strorolling and listening to the Cuban live music at the bank restaurant.
"I find it so pleasant," says Konhäuser.
They do not miss the crowds that are not belong to Rakoczy.
But you lack the usual program highlights, especially Saale burburning on Friday evening as well as the historic ade and the final fireworks on Sunday evening.
"That's a pity.
The weather would have been great this year, "she says.
Rakoczy riding tournament is to take place
For the formactors of the historical spa guests, the alternative programme meant more work.
For example for Christina Gold, who works the in a normal year and can seen on the carriage of the Kurgarten cafcafé.
This year she was walking in the city on Saturdays and Sundays in costume.
"That's more exhauuous, otherwise we have it easier," she says.
The equclub had less to do, even though individual riders were in the park.
"We very much hope that the rider quadlle will take place in the next year," says Chairman Ulrike Waldhofen.
She announced that after several years break in 2021 a Rakoczy riding tournament will take place.
28 Corona cases in Spanish second division Fuenlabrada
The Spanish football second division CF Fuenlabrada is sliing deeper into the crisis due to a corona outbreak.
Since the newcombie near Madrid despite the first Corona cases on 20 flown to a game to the city of A Coruña on 20, a low follows the next.
By Sunday, 28 players or team members had been positively tested, one came to the hospital as the club announced.
Fuenlabrada from the city of the same name southwest of Madrid has had the chance to reach the promotion playoffs.
Now ation to the B of the Second League.
The game against Deportivo La Coruña last Monday was cancelled at the last moment, the prosecutor's office determined for a possible offence against public health, the top sports authority CSD considering the forced descent of the club.
Players players and other team members sit in a hotel in quarantine hotel.
"Until the sixth day of quarantine they have not received a fresh towel and gel," wrote the sports newspaper "AS".
On photos can see how players hung underwear and club clothes in their rooms in the hotel after they had to wash them themselves.
The linen had not changed for five days.
Another problem is food.
Neither it good nor sufficient, wrote "AS".
The club said they was satisfied with the hotel.
The ation of deliberately endangering public health was rejected by the club lawyer lawyer, Javier Tebas Llanas.
They had not violated the Corona rules set by the football association, the son of the President of the Spanish Primera Division, Javier Tebas, as reported the Europa Press and the sports newspaper "Marca" reported.
Before departure there were four infected until July 19 July, but were all isolated and not travel.
Right before the flight on Monday after A Coruña, all players and team members had tested.
When the team was already in A Coruña, "five or six" other team members of the Corona test positive.
The game was cancelled 60 minutes before the call, Tebas Llanas.
Police must catch horses at steam partment
Two animals were on the road.
The police took her back to her owner.
On Sunday morning shortly before 6 o'clock, a road ber shared two running horses on the feeder between the junction of Donnersdorf / Steinsfeld and the motorway Theres.
Upon arrival the officials arrived, the horses were already between the feeder and the village Dampfach.
After before steam comthe confidence of the horses, they a rope in the car.
Cycling professional Tony Martin: Carecareer sequel vable
Timspecialist Tony Martin thinks about a continuation of his career.
Frankfurt / Main - The seven-time time-trial champion Tony Martin can well imagine continuing his cycling career.
"I working the conditions on how and in what form it could go," said the 35-year-old of the "Frankfurter Allgemeine Sonntagszeitung".
Martin is currently employed at the Dutch team Jumbo -Visma and before the Corona break ending his career after this year.
The negotiations with his team are also about the number of racing days, he said.
Or about other problems that would aguhim as a family father, Martin said.
He he had got up after a fall, and the first thought was: "Quickto the bike.
Today I think as the father of a small daughter: What if ".
The cypro acknowleadmitted that there are aspects he increasingly difficult.
"But it was good to remember from the Corona time what I have in cycling and how much fun he doing me".
The time-specialist enters into competition at the Tour de l'Ain (5 to 9 August).
Bavaria: At least four dedead on Bavaria's streets at ends
The beautiful weather attracts bikers on the streets places.
For at least three people the tour with the motorcycle ends fatally.
An 18-year old pedestrian dies.
Schönthal - In accidents on Bavaria's streets, several, mostly young people died weekend.
An 18-year-old old motorcyclist was hit by a car on Saturday at Schönthal (Cham) came the lane.
The the car the track was unclear.
In Upper Bavaria Saturday a 22-year-old met on his machine with a horse drawn carriage.
He at Beilngries.
In a left turn he ed against the carriage.
His injuries were so severe that he died in the accident.
Of the twelve inmates of the carriage, a man became heavy and a man was injured as the police reported.
Another another fatal accident, another 18-year-old died in the Upper Palatinate Bad Kötzting.
He had sat on a street on the night to Sunday and was overrolled by a 42 year old driver.
After the police, the 18-year-old wanted to sleep.
The driver could not brake in time.
At Schönberg (district Freyung-Grafenau) a 57 year year-old biker in a right turn despite full braking car.
He died in the accident.
The 57-year-old driver suffered a shock, the remaining three people in the car were uninjured.
The safety of motorcyclists was addressed on Saturday by Bavaria's Minister of Transport Minister Kerstin Schreyer (CSU).
In a letter to the organizer of the biker protests against driving bans announced, Gabor Kovacs August, the Minister referred to extensive investments such as underprotection on guils and the defening of dangerous curves.
"We have achieved lot for the safety of motorcyclists in recent years," said the letter.
"The number of motorized two-cyclists ased by around 28 percent to 2011".
Kovac tests with Monaco against Frankfurt
Frankfurt / Main (dpa) - For football coach Niko Kovac there will be a with his new Club AS Monaco with Eintracht Frankfurt.
The eight-time French champion will on 1 August (6 pm) at the Hesse, the former club of the Croats.
For the Bundesliga it is the first and only hardurance test before the in the Europa League against FC Basel (6 August).
Due to the Coronavirus pandemic, the encounter is place without specators.
"We are particularly forward to this game.
It is always nice to come to Frankfurt and meet friends, "Kovac.
Sporis an interesting test, said the 48-year-old said.
Before his joining to FC Bayern Munich, Kovac had trained Hesse from 2016 to 2018 and led to victory in the DFB Cup.
"A class opponent like Monaco is a good test for us of the game against Basel.
Like all Frankfurt, I look looking forward to reseeing with Niko Kovac, "said Eincoach Adi Hütter.
The 50-year-old Austrian had the Croatian.
In March the Frankfurter lost the eighfinal first leg against Basel in their own stadium with 0 – 3.
Almost 50 new infections: Landkreis Hof just past the Lockdown
In the district of Hof, the number of known Corona infections has increased on the weekend: from 39 on Friday and 43 on Saturday (one person is recovered and no longer falls in these statistics) to 47 on Sunday.
There is a case in the city of Hof.
This the Hof approapproaches the critical brand of 50 new infections per 100,000 inhabitants in a week.
700 dead by monsoon rain in Southeast Asia
The severe floods in Southeast Asia affects more than 9 million people, especially in Bangladesh, India and Nepal.
Due of the strong monsoon, a total of 700 people were killed.
In Bangladesh, the Red Crescent in trying to reach the isolated people.
All villages are under water.
The ants have lost their cropests.
Tank os in National Park die by landslides
In Kaziranga National Park, several of the 120 tank os died by landslides.
They are under protected and valid than extinction.
This year, the floods are particularly bad, scientists to climate change.
United Nations, Bangladesh is one of the most countries hit by global warming.
New apartments empty
In the village of Cox's Bazar in the south of Bangladesh the state has built apartments for 650 displaced by the floods displaced persons.
So far few have moved.
It is difficult to bring people to Cox's Bazar.
The enthusiasm in Grenezn.
Who who used had a house, it was also so small and like a hut, often does not want to spend their life in a large apartment block.
Many apartments are empty, but - the government - should soon be moved from those who lost their house by the floods.
60 Corona new infections on just one day in Vienna
In 24-hour comparison, 60 Corona new infections were reported in Vienna - in Lower Austria there were 22 new infections in Lower Austria.
The State Directorate Vienna and the Medical CrisStaff of the City of Vienna regularly inform about the current case figures and other key figures for the Covid--19 virus: As of Sunday, 26 July 2020, 8.00 am, positive tests confirmed in Vienna 4,840 (+ 60).
The number of deaths related with the virus remains unchanged 204.
4.090 (+ 48) people are recovered.
22 new Coronavirus Infinfections in Lower Austria
The number of Coronavirus infections in Lower Austria increased by 22 to 3,288.
A patient is recovered to the medical.
This increases the number of to 2,936.
Covid-19 had 247 patients in state.
Up far, 147,253 tests have been out.
105 people died related with lung disease.
Argentina rejects counteroffer creditors
The new demands could not be met, the Ministry of Economy in Buenos Aires on Saturday.
"This would not only irresponsible but also unjust," said an statement.
"While 50 percent of children in Argentina live in poverty, we cannot increase the short-term profits of our creditors".
The debts of the second ond-largest economy in South America are no longer viable under the current conditions.
Therefore why Argentina calls its private creditors to ve part of its demands of around $66 billion (around 59 billion).
If there is no agreement, the country again ens.
It would be the ninth default in Argentine history.
Most recently, lenders had demanded for higher interest rates on government bonds and changes to some contract clauses.
The Argentine government holds to its last offer and is not ready for any further concessions.
Argentina is in a severe financial and economic crisis.
The inflation rate was more than 50 percent.
For the current year, experts expect a decline in economic power by around ten percent.
At the end of May, Argentina did not meet interest of $503 million and pped into a limited payment default.
Professional ally - private yet
"It is supergood" - this conclusion Dr. Stefanie Kramer after her first days in the notary in Eggenfelden.
In the end, everything went fast: In the mid-May, Dr. Stefanie Kramer learned that she will Lutz eller at the EggenfelNotariutz F.
Already six weeks later, at the beginning of July, the lawyer started the work and the normal daily business has long running on full tours.
"I have to arrive private," she explains in conversation with the Rottaler Anzeiger and laughs.
The short lead time was course not enough to relocmove the food point from Regensburg to Eggenfelden, reports the native Dingolfingerin.
Currently she is with her husband, who works in Regensburg as a judge at the district court, looking for a suitable apartment or house in the city.
At least her husband could to apply parental leave to ensure the care of the two daughters (3 ½ and 1 ½ years old).
In order not have to commute every day from Regensburg, she had a overnight stay with her parents in Dingolfing, the 39-year-old explains.
Growing up in the neighbouring district, the city of Eggenfelden has course long been a term for.
During visits with her family in the recent months she stated: "Eggenfelden is a really beautiful small town".
She was pleased that she made the race in the selection process.
In Dr. Stefanie Kramer's professional career, her eland Lower Bavaria plays a central role: After her studying law in Passau, she completed her ship period and the 2nd state examination in Regensburg.
After several positions as a notary or, among in Rehau and Hof in Upper Franconia, Babenhausen im Unterallgäu and Regensburg - during this time she also "" her doctorate in labour law - she joined her first position as a notary in Rotthalmünster in the district of Passau in 2012.
In 2016 she went parental leave and move to Regensburg.
Since then she has served services in various notoffices.
When the job in Eggenfelden was announced due of the aching retirement of Lutz Feller, she seen the right time for full professional reentry, the 39-year-old explains.
The team of her predecessor, who will take over the holiday representative in the notarioffice future, has completely taken over Dr. Stefanie Kramer - and has a praise for the team of the firm: "It is superwell!"
That she can rely on processes makes it easier for to care of the upcoming shift of the private sector.
In to kindergarten and criativity places, she has already made contact with a local institution.
And works everything as desired, she hopes to be follow her hobby here soon - and know the most beautiful jogging routes of the Rvalley.
BVB plans to with a maximum 15,000 spectators
Dortmund The largest German football stadium in Dortmund will not be filled 20 percent at start of the season in case of a fan return.
"Due to the distance regulation which is mandatory be observed, we plan to with 12,000 to 15,000 specvietators," said Borussia Dortmund's Managing director Carsten Cramer the "Tagesspiegel".
Usually the arena in the city Bundesliga matches holds more than 81,000 spect.
In ghost games caused by the Corona pandemic, the BVB per game lost around four million euros.
The Cramer, responsible at the BVB responsible for Marketing, Digitalization and Internationalization hopes that in addition to the normal specators, some of the around 4,4000 places can in the hospitality area can be opened: "It is of course a blow into the gate when these revenue completely break".
In of the ongoing Corona crisis, everyone are currently "well advised to take a stable silength". "
"If many companies well and 6.8 million people are short work in Germany alone, then the need is limited for entertainment limited," Cramer.
The Dortmund Marketing CEO praised the BVB professionals for their salary partial waiver, help to overcome the crisis: "Of course, players know that their salary has a different effect than if we putting 100 people working in merchandising".
Tiny wondercles: Early start to life with a few hundred grams
Hardely heavier than a packl butter, just three tablespoons of blood in his entire body: that was Gabriel when he was born - he weighed exactly 273 grams.
The b is one of around 400 s are ed annually at the Graz Children's ClinHospital.
A quarter of them weighs less than 1,500 grams, a few - like Gabriel and his brothers Raphael and Michael - are extreme lightweight weights with not even a kilogram of birth weight.
They are born so small and born so early that neither lungs nor intestines nor muscles are fully trained.
Their skin is sometimes so delicate that they could urt the electrodes of an ECG.
And they are so tiny that they sometimes wear doll clothes and mini diapers specially made especially for them.
But not so small that they were not in voice - "and like," Berndt Urlesberger sm.
"Even they don not screry as loud as big babies".
When the whiteboard becomes stage
Despite Corona Theater in the classroom: the whiteboard as a stage experienced the 9th classes of the St. Jakobus-High Gymnasium in Abtsgmünd shortly before holiday.
Actress Julia Sylvester from the Theater der the Stadt of Aalen presented students the production "Das Heimatkleid" - via video.
Afterwards, students were able to exchange via Skype with the actress and the director Winfried Tobias about the play and performance.
The idea for the performance format from the current Corona situation.
Teacher Teresa Nar was happy to enrichment the teaching.
Even if the all participants agreed that the direct encounter in the theatre and stage room would offer additional stimuli, theatre also sees the potential for contact with the schools.
"If we continue to improve the technical framework, this could be an interesting addition to the game business," said director Winfried Tobias.
First round: The TSV 1860 would meet Eintracht Frankfurt at the DFB-PokCup
If the TSV 1860 qualify for the DFB Cup, the lions meet the first round Eintracht Frankfurt in first round.
This resulted the draw on Sunday.
Munich - Sixty possible opponent in the first round of the DFB Cup is.
The lions would meet Eintracht Frankfurt in a successful qualiqualification.
This the draw on Sunday at the ARD SportShow.
Because the field is due to the Corona pandemic complete, placeholders were used the draw.
Due the voluntary waiver of semi-final opponent FC Memmingen, the TSV 1860 is already in the final of the Bavarian Toto Cup (September 4 or 5 September).
There the lions meet the Würzburg burger Kickers or Viktoria Aschaffenburg.
If second liga Würzburg reach the final, sixty would already be qualified for the first round in the DFB Cup.
Otherwise the Giesinger would ail in the final game against regional Aschaffenburg.
The first round of the DFB Cup will held between 11 and 14 September and a week before the third start.
"Blown by the Wind": Filmlegend Olivia de Havilland is dead
The film legend and Oscar winner Olivia de Havilland is dead.
She died on Sunday in Paris at the age 104 of natural death, confirmed her spokeswoman of the German Press Agency.
de Havilland was known for her role as Melanie Hamilton in the South epic "Blown by the WinWind" (1939).
As a child of British parents born in Tokyo, Olivia de Havilland moved to California as a todler.
The Austrian theatre man Max Reinhardt discovered the 19-year-old in the role of Hermia of Shakespeare's "Summer Night's Dream".
The film studio Warner Brothers signed her for seven years and brought her alongside side of Eroll Flynn.
Eeight films with the heart breakher.
In 1946 she won her first Oscar in the leading role of "To Each His Own".
The film was ran in Germany under title "Mother Heart".
Three years later, the award came as Best Acactress ress in William Wyl's "The Heiress".
She recognition was also received as a neurotic eccentcentric in "Der Dark le Spiegel" and "The Die Schlake grube".
Daphne du Maurier suggested her in 1952 for the leading role in the adaptation of her novel "Meine Cousine Rachel".
The piece became a worldwide success.
With her long-time lfriend Bette Davis she played in "Wiegenlied für eine Leiche".
From marriage to the writer Marcus Goodrich (1946 – 1953) son Benjamin.
In Paris, de Havilland married the journalist Pierre Paul Galante and had the daughter Gisèle with him.
This marriage also broke.
Rumrumours of an affair with former British Prime Minister Edward Heath have never confirmed.
"Road to Timmendorf": Beach volleyball: Thole / Wickler miss final at Comeback
World Cup Julius Thole and Clemens Wickler missed the final at the beach volleyball tournament "Road to Timmendorf".
At the meeting of the top teams in Düsseldorf they defeated their national team colleagues Nils Ehlers and Lars Flüggen with 1: 2 (17: 21, 21: 17, 19: 21).
Last Thole / Wickler played at the World Tour Final in Rome in September last.
In the final game on the Rhine, their ion Ehlers / Flüggen against the surprise team Lukas Pfretschner and his interim partner Steven van de Velde a defeat with 0: 2 (17: 21, 17: 21).
In addition to the show tournament, three starting places for the German championwere played at the beginning of September in Timmendorfer Strand: The tickets were secured by Armin Dollinger / Simon Kulzer, Manuel Harms / Richard Peemüller and Simon Pfretschner / Milan Sievers.
Calitzejection from AfD confirmed - FDP speaks of "fig leaf"
The exclusion of Andreas Kalbitz from the AfD is the FDP only a "fig leaf" and does not change anything the character of the party.
"The AfD is the parliamentary arm of the right-wing extremright in Germany.
Andreas Kalbitz is only part of the top of the iceberg of the radicals in the AfD, "said FDP interior politician Benjamin Strasser of the dpa in Berlin.
The Federal Arbitration Court of the AfD confirmed Saturday in Stuttgart the exclusion of Kalbitz, which by the Federal Board decided in May.
Kalbitz is chairman of the AfD Group in the Brandenburg State tag.
"If the AfD really to removing right-wing extremists from its party, functionofficials such as Björn Höcke and his supporters would have been excluded," said Strasser.
"But there is no political will in the AfD, because right-wing extremism now belongs to the party.".
Similarly CSU Secretary General Markus Blume said: "Andreas Kalbitz is excluded says nothing and does not change anything," he said the "world on Sunday".
"It speaks volumes of how many frenetic supporters a farright in the middle of the AfD".
Blume ects that the AfD will land below five percent in elections.
"The days of the AfD in the parliaments are counted".
Kalbitz was one of the spokesleaders of the officially dissolved "wing" around Thuringian AfD state and faction leader Björn Höcke; the constitutional protection fies the coration as a "secured right-wing extremist ation".
In May AfKalbitz of the party.
As reason he stated that Kalbitz did not an earlier membership in the now ed far-right "Heimatloyue Deutschen Jugend" (HDJ) and the Republicans.
Kalbitz ies membership in the HDJ.
The chairman of the Left faction in the Brandenburg state tag, Sebastian Walter, stressed that the decision of the Federal Arbitration Court does not change the character of the AfD: "The wolf has only eaten chalk.
The AfD remains a farright party, whether with or without Kalitz ".
Neither decision weakthe federal party nor the right wing.
"The manoeuvre of the Meuths force is able.
One wants to avoid further observation by constitutional protection and try to get under the radar, "said Walter.
"The AfD will not rid of the spirits she called.
A ection is not change, "commented Brandenburg SPD Secretary General Erik Stohn commented on the decision in the Kalbitz case.
"Here the AfD Association and the group held their right leader.".
The legal dispute about the membership of Kalbitz membership in the AfD will continue.
He announced on Saturday that he would take civil against the decision of the Federal Arbitration Court.
North Sea wind farms deliver 21 percent more electricity
The wind turpower plants on the German North Sea fed terawatt the grid in the first six months of the year 11.51.
This is good 21 percent more than in the same period of the previous year, the network operator Tennet in Bayreuth.
Tennet is responsible for the transmission of the North Sea electricity to the mainland and the transmission through the German electricity grid.
The wind farms on the Baltic Sea, which not belong to the area of Tennet, have fed further 2.22 terawatt hours (TWh) electricity.
Overall total, wind power from the North and Baltic Sea amounts to 13.73 TWh, compared to good 11.64 TWh in the first half of 2019.
The wind harvest at sea accounts almost 19 percent of the total wind electricity in Germany, which is about four percentage points more than a year ago.
New wind farms provide higher generation capacity
The increased contribution of offshore wind energy addition to the wind conditions from higher production capacities because new wind farms have gone to the grid in the twelve months.
If the 1270 wind turpower plants in the North Sea would all run simultaneously full, they could generate 6.7 gigawatts of electricity.
The transmission capacity is sufficient; according to Tennet is 7.1 gigawatts.
By 2030, it is to rise to 17 gigawatts in the German North Sea.
"In Germany and the Netherlands, we investing EUR 20 billion in the expansion of offshore network connections," said TennManaging Director Tim Meyerjürgens.
In reality, wind farms cannot explotheir capacity at sea, but reach about 40 percent.
The previous record day this year is 2 January when the North Sea wind farms generated more than six gigawatts of electricity.
On average, the North Sea wind turbines produce about 2.5 to 3.0 gigawatts of electricity, which corresponds to three to four nuclear power plants.
This almost seven million households.
Art "Skirmish" - an exhibition by the Leipzig artist Christian Bold at the Galerie des Gmünder Kunstverein s.
This was almost a small anniversary celebration for the 130.
Birthday of the Gmünder Kunstverein: The exhibition opening "Skirmish" with works by the Leipzig artist Christian Bold blasted the usual frame after the Corona break.
Much more art lovers than usual followed the dialogue between the artist and the chairman of the Kunstverein, Professor Dr. Klaus Ripper.
The musical equivalent provided by the band "Defenders of the Universe" on the southern KornhauSquare.
North of the gallery the "Sandtogether".
Freital: Windbergfest cancelled because for Corona cancelled
The Windberg fest will not take place this year.
The city of Freital cancelled the three-day festival in September.
In other years, over 30,000 people had attended this festival.
"We did not made this decision easy and - in aware of how difficult it is economic for the involved - hoped until the last minute," explained Mayor Uwe Rumberg (partial).
"But ultimately we as organiser are responsible for the health of many thousands people". "
If if tens of thousands had oured to the fixed site and into the tent, minimum distances, hygiene regulations and contact -up could not have been met accordance with the current Coronprotection regulation.
Or the restrictions would have been so strong that there much would left of a festival.
In addition, organization and monitoring effort would increase disproportionately by many.
Rumberg sted next year.
Then the city of Freital celebrates its 100th anniversary including with the WinterbergFestival from 7 to 9 May 2021 and the Day of SaxSaxony ons from 10 to 12 September 2021.
Dressage Olympic champion Werth in Achleiten not to beat
Achleiten - Six time Olympic champion Isabell Werth was the outstanding rider at the dressage tournament in the Austrian Achleiten Austria.
The 51-year-old from Rheinberg came four vicwins at four starts weekend.
After won a Grand Prix at the -off with Weihegold and Quantaz, she was not Sunday in the Grand Prix Special and in the freestyle.
On the 15-year-old old mare Weihegold, Werth fought against the Austrian Victoria Max-Theurer on Abegglen Sunday.
Even yle the Germans lay on Quantaz ahead before their 34 4-year-old student Victoria Max-Theurer.
Werth's winning horse Quantaz belongs to Max-Theurer.
The most successful dressage rider in the world is to establish the ten-year-old stallion in the Grand Prix.
For Quantaz it was the first freestyle.
Already at the first tournament in Achleiten three weeks ago, Werth had won all important four ams.
The last of the three international tournaments is scheduled for 14 to 16 August.
more air traffic controllers in Worms
The Worms University continues into the air: The "DFS Deutsche Flugsicherung" ates a professorship for "Air Traffic Management".
A corresponding contract between the university and the DFS was now signed in Worms.
The contract was initially concluded for three years and starts in 2021.
The professorship is the possibility to enable the start studies not only in the summer but also during the winter semester.
This twice as many students can be trained as before.
At the same time, capacities are evenly utilized both at the university and the DFAircontrol Academy of DFS.
The DFS will advise the university on the establishment and appointment of the professorship.
Represented at the university since 2019
Since the summer semester 2019, the first students their air traffic pilot at the Worms in the Air Traffic Management.
Nyear nine students started this year.
So far, the experience of the DFS are very positive, the achievements students are outstanding.
The combination of studies and pilot training contributes significantly to further increasing the attractiveness of the pilot profession.
"In these times, is easy.
However we strongly expect air traffic to recover and grow in the long term.
In order to able to fulfil our legal order in the future, we need highly qualified staff, "says Professor Klaus-Dieter Scheurle, Chairman Managing Director of the DFS at the signing the contract.
"For DFS, the owed professorship is a future-looking investment that will provide air traffic controllers a broad, interdisciplinary knowledge base long term.
We therefore continue good cooperation with the university and ing our attractiveness as an employer.
This is also underlighted Professor Dr. Jens Hermsdorf, President of the WorUniversity Worms: "The owed professorship forms an important bridge between science and business.
With it, we like to build the already existing cooperation with DFS Deutsche Flugsicherung as a practical partner for the dual bachdegree program Air Traffic Management ".
The trust of German Air traffic sicherung is motivation and obligation for the Hochschule Worms to further expand its teaching and research competence in the future fields of aviation transport.
In use for the air traffic controllers of tomorrow, the university with the first owed professorship for a dual course, set special highlights and innovative priorities for its students.
Dr. Denis Alt, State Secretary at the Ministry of Science, ContinEducation and Culture, sizes: "The Worms of has a unique position in Rhineland-Palatinate.
Today's signing of the cooperation agreement strengthens the profile of the university.
Rescue helicopter lands on the A 45
About 30 minutes the A 45 motorway was fully closed on Saturday afternoon towards Aschaffenburg, as after a traffic accident the rescue helicopter was in operation.
A 76-year-old drove straight with a Ford at 12.40 at the exit Alzenau-Mitte in the ve and landed at the rail.
The impact the front bags, the driver suffered injuries on the face and had to be taken to a hospital for.
The injuries of the 72-year-old passenger were care by the emergency doctor and the patient subsequently fw to a hospital with the rescue helicopter.
However the police assume that there is no danger of life.
The damaged vehicle which damage of about 2000 euros had to be towremoved.
Heil wants to check other industries by meat industry
The Corona crisis brought conditions in parts of the meat industry.
Legisltighations are coming.
But are they right - and will it remain?
Federal Minister of Labour Minister Hubertus Heil (SPD) wants to review other industries according to the planned strict regulations against maluses in the meat industry.
"We will look industry for the industry and then take suitable measures for the respective industry if it is necessary," said Heil of the German Press Agency in Berlin.
Germany's employers are already warn against strict work contracts general.
After the mass Corona outupbreak at the meat giant Tönnies in North Rhine-Westphalia, the Federal Cabinet wants to adopt a law of salvation this Wednesday.
Large slaughghter should no longer allowed to use foreign personnel in slaughter, deling and meat processing.
For the use of works contract and temporary workers is be prohibited.
Employer President Ingo Kramer said the dpa: "Finger away from a general restriction of works contracts and workers if you do not want to mine the economy".
Plant contracts for example for wide areas of the fts, the construction industry and plant construction are the basis for their value the customer.
"The miserrors of individuals cannot destroy such an important instrument".
Heially assured: "My goal is not to ban work contracts all in the German economy".
Work contracts are useful.
"If an industrial company ts a craftsman to install a security system, this is a normal work contract".
The German meat industry considers a ban on work contracts and temporary work unconstitutional in its industry.
It is not be able why other labour law apply portioning and packaging cheese than sausage, a statement on the legislative proposal, as the "Neue Osnabrücker Zeitung" (Saturday) reports.
In a ban, consumer price would increase by 10 to 20 percent per kilo per product.
Many Eastern European employees from works contract companies worked in the industry according on the results of an audit by the NRW OccupSafety Administration some 16 hours a day.
Ohad not no break.
Wages was tained for protective equipment or rent.
It was also stated that the situation accommodation often misable.
Heisaid that a relatively sharp law already came into force for the meat industry in 2017.
By "tricky constructions" they had circumypass.
"Now must to be fundamentcleaned".
The politician announced: "The the Occupand Safety Act, which we want to adopt in the cabinet at the end of July, are also measures that not only affect the meat industry - for example higher rates in occupational safety or clear criteria for Community housing".
The draft presented by the dpa includes amendments to the Act on arding workers rights in the meat industry and the OccupSafety Act.
Brandenburg's Consumer Protection Minister Ursula Nonnemacher (Green) considers more intensive controls necessary.
"I would wish we can do even more controls in many areas supervisory areas: food controls, animal welfare, everything possible, for example animal transport," said Nonnemacher on Sunday in the RBB show "Brandenburg aktuell".
But more personnel are needed for more controls.
Three dead in crash of ultright aircraft in Germany
In the crash of an ultright aircraft on a multi-family house in Wesel in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia, according to police three people died.
A child was injured.
Two more people were injured in the accident, said a spokesman of the Wesel.
A parachute was found at the accident, according the police.
The "Rheinische Post" reported on eyewitnesses that before the crash the aircraft had ded with a hot air balloon.
The house was a single or two-family house.
No details were not known.
Peiction of Frankfurt Opera platz peacefully
A week after the riots in Frankfurt, the eviction of the Opera platz peacefully on the night on Sunday.
A, several dozen people stayed in the square, but left it at 1 before the of the.
The police have operating with numerous officials since the early evening, a larger police force throughout the city area.
For the first time this weekend from midnight there was a ban for the opera Square, which riots a week ago.
Police cemen were attacked with bottles out of the crowd of celebers.
At least five officers were injured after police charges, several police vehicles were damaged.
The night of Saturday also remained quiet.
Car ats: Young woman seriously injured in an accident on highway 83 at Hofgeismar
In an accident between Schöneberg and Hümme, a 21-year-old suffered severe injuries on Sunday around 1.25 pm.
She was taken to the KlinikKassel.
With thermal cameras, the fire brigade looking possible passengers.
The woman according to police on Bundesstraße 83 towards her Hüme when her car from previously unexplained cause the and beat several.
To rescue the accident, the fire ade had to cut the roof of the car.
Since it was unclear whether someone was in the vehicle, the adjacent corn field was searched from the der with a thermal imaging camera.
The drone squron from Warburg, which also works with thermal imaging cameras, had also been ordered for search.
However forces did found anyone between the high corn plants.
The injured was taken the ambulto the KasselHospital.
Almost 50 personnel of the fire Hofgeismar, Hümme and Schöneberg were on site.
The road was closed for two hours due to the accident.
Juventus Turin Champion in Italy
Turin - After a redeemtive goal by Cristiano Ronaldo, record champion Juventus Turin has secured the Italian championship for the ninth time in series.
The team around the five-time World footballer made the total 36th Scudetto of the club history with a 2 0 (1 – 0) on Sunday night in the home match against Sampdoria Genoa.
Ronaldo scored at 1 – 0 before half.
With 83 points, Turin, who without the last injured ex-national player Sami Khedira, is no longer place two days before the season of the Serie A.
The Inter Milan is seven points.
Juventus was harmless despite optical superiority in the first half, then Ronaldo met the last action after a free ick variant.
An addition by Miralem Pjanic zed the 35-year-old from the penalty border directly with a flat shot (45 + 7).
Against the now more ensive guests Ronaldo was also participated in the 2: 0, after his shot Federico Bernardeschi (67) sted.
This sured amless but decisive success.
The foulmeter lost to the latte in the 89th minute probably have only Ronaldo himself with view of the Torjunter score.
"It is complicated to stay mentally and physically ball for 90 minutes.
The games are strange and the momentum changes very easily, "explained coach Maurizio Sarri after the 1: 2 at Udinese Calcio on Thursday.
Especially the mental exhaustion of his players was great, said the juve coach.
Because of the defeat, the Turhad not to make the championship perfect.
The uring lead at the top Juve due to the weakness of the competitors.
In in the eleven games before the match on Sunday, the Si team won only five victories.
Whether Ronaldo becomes scorer is questionable.
Because while the Portuguese superstar scored 31 goals far, the former Dortmund Ciro Immobile 34 after his of at the 5: 1 (1: 1) of the fourth Lazio Rome at Hellas Verona 34 on his account - as many as Robert Lewandowski contributed to the title win of FC Bayern.
The record in Italy is by the current juve pro Gonzalo Higuaín.
The Argentscored 36 goals for the SSC Naples in the 2015 2016 season.
In August the next title chance waiting for the "Old Lady" of the Italian football.
Juventus is in the eighfinal of the Champions League, but a 0 – 1 OlympiLyon to reach the final tournament in Lisbon.
In the next kno.o.round, Real Madrid or Manchester City would wait as opponent.
Baden-Württemberg: Over than 250 illegal car races recorded
Stuttgart - Despite all the threatened penalties and court dgsentences, motordrivers continue to gas in countless illegal races on the Württemberg roads: Last year and the first four months of this year, the police in the southwest already registered more than 250 illegal car races.
There are no comparable figures for the years before, but the raers are increasingly making work for the judicial authorities: In the prosecutors between Konstanz and Mannheim conducted a total of 155 investigation proceedings were conducted due for illegal races 2018, one year later there were already 252 and in the current year until the beginning of June already 15.
The races were less about organised events, as from the the Ministry of Interior response to a request from the State tag Party.
In most cases, the drivers spontaneously against each other or they had taken escape from the police - this is indicated as an illegal race.
The German men the ages between 18 and 60.
113 fines - 15 times ment
Only in comparatively few cases are the speers are caught and asked to checkout: According to the Ministry Interior Ministry, a total of 113 fines have been imposed since 2018 and 15 sentences were 2018.
But there is no evidence that the number of illegal car races actually increase.
Rather, other ists responacted more sensisensitive than due to the several tragic accidents and processes of past years and more, a ministerial spokesman said.
Again ists slow traffic to get space and use the free track for a race.
Last August, a dozen drivers were caught near Kirchheim unter Teck, three months earlier there were even 18 drivers on the A8 near Merklingen.
A81 is most popular "race track"
On the A81, the police register even more races than on any other federal highway.
A speed limit is tries to slow the raers on the particularly affected section between Engen and Geisinging.
The most high-priced and ed sports and luxury carbodies often have Swiss marks because the drivers dodge to lato Germany because to the high penalties for too fast driving and car racing in the neighbouring country.
For the SPD, the speed limit must not reduce to a few distances: "With a general speed limit of 130 kilometres per hour, we would create this problem on motorways," says Martin Rivoir, the transport expert of the SPD state tag ction.
"The inthreshold for speers would be significantly higher if you should not be here and there with 200 kilometers per hour and more".
From less enlightenment or image campaigns Rivoir less: "Anywho sets above all rules such way and not only his own life, but also the lives of other road users, is hardly accessible with reason".
ADAC calls for stronger of police
The ADAC is not enough: "We assume that speers cannot not be detertened by the speed mits," says Holger Bach, Head of Transport and Environment at the ADAC Württemberg.
It calls additional and harder controls on the affected routes.
Not often the strength painful and serious serious: Since January 2019 and until April 2020, three people died in the races, of two participants died in a night turntly crash in Stuttgart's city centre and one in Gerlingen.
In two young men are given an car race November.
One of the vehicles came from the road, boed against a garden wall and remained on the side 18-year-old passenger died.
21 more people were injured in the races of the past two years.
However er penalties Interior Minister Thomas Strobl pennot necessary: "Legisllegislative need for action to sanction illegal motor vehicle races harder is not seen," the of the Ministry of Interior.
Blue light from July 23: Dursty burgglar steals drinks from snack
Rohrdorf: A man broke into a snack on Thursday in Rohrdorf (Calw) and stolen drinks and cash.
A witness heard around 3.40 in the valley and ran towards the snack.
There he noticed a man who served drinks at the refrigerator and left the snack through a previously entrance door.
The perpetender fled towards the meadows behind the snack.
The to police burlarar used at a cash out and stole cash in the low three-digit range.
The suspsuspect is described as follows: It is about 1.75 to 1.80 meters tall and of strong stature.
In fact, he wore a black hooded sweater, black pants and light shoes.
The police evidence.
Ackermann jumps to victory on the final stage at Sibiu Tour
Cylist Pascal Ackermann won his second victory of day at the final stage of the 10th Sibiu Tour.
The 26 -year-old Palatine from the Team Bora-hansgrohe took on the 109 kilometlong section with start and finish in Hermannstadt in the mass sprint after won a stage on Saturday.
The were three and four for Ackermann.
His Austrian team mate Gregor Mühlberger.
The 26-year-old had soverdecided the mountain trial the morning and thus took the lead in the class.
Only 104 riders the final stage the evening.
No less than 18 starters were lost to the time limit during.
"I am really happy to start the Season restart with a victory," Ackermann explained after his success on Saturday.
"The sprint was really hectic," said the 26-year-old.
300 meters before the finish he simply put his sprint, "and it also worked perfectly".
According to the rules of the World UCI, a corona test was at all race participants and their companions six days before the start of the race.
During the entire tour, drivers and carors in isolated hygiene bubbles were separated from the organizteam and the media.
Vieators start and finish were not allowed.
Control gave instructions for lay animation
Düsseldorf - Tragic accident on Sunday afternoon in Düsseldorf-Garath.
In a apartment house a child (4) suddenly suddenly lifeless in the water while bathing.
According to fire ade, the emergency call arrived shortly before 1 pm.
"A control station ing immediately gave instructions on lay animation," said a fire man to BILD.
The rescue forces took later.
The child in risk was transported to the hospital uscanimation.
Why it accident is unclear.
The police routinely took the investigation into the accident.
The fire okesman: "We going from a tragic accident in the apartment".
Nuremberg: Unapproved tuning meeting - police attacks, 700 vehicles and around 1100 people
Hundreds of cars and over 1000 people participated Saturday night in a "tuning meeting" in the parking lot of a furniture store.
The police made their announcement to control such events.
A big tuning meeting on Saturday evening (25 July 2020) in Nuremberg South stadt.
Several hundred vehicles were involved.
According to the police Central Franconia police, around 30 the Nuremberg Transport Police an increased vehicle traffic in the area of a large parking lot on Ingolstädter Straße.
The police carried a number of vehicle controls.
Only recently, the police announced they to against so-called autopers.
Illegal tuning meeting in Nuremberg: Only small part from the "scene"
The officials were about 700 vehicles and about 1100 people, the police.
However only a small part of the present to the "autopers" and tuning scene.
Most viously majority of the scene came the police.
The vehicles and that they were.
In addition, the majority proportion of present adherto the applicable infection regulations, in particular maintaining the minimum distance and wearing a mouth nose protection.
The control measures site were completed at 1: 00.
In, officials noted such structural changes in 10 vehicles that the operating permit had t.
Four of these vehicles had to be sured.
No car races
There legal races.
"The of Central Franconia Police will continue to keep eye the events and continue to carry increased control measures, including in connection with the gence of lookers," it said.
The agency News5 spoke to Jürgen Schrödinger from the involved towing company: "They have all beautiful rims, which we must not scratch," says Schrödinger.
Special ts would used.
Also because the cars are wider, the company must careful not damage.
"The young people should get their cars without ce".
of the Employment Agency: 900 Suspicected cases of abuse in short-work
Berlin - The the Federal Agency for Employment Agency (BA) around 900 suspected cases of abuse in short-working money.
"This is extremely little with more than 880,000 companies that have displayed short-work," said zDaniel Terzenbach of the "Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung".
When at the beginning of the Corona crisis companies suddenly requested for short-work, the BA had to react quickly.
Normsually the am sts up to three weeks.
"So much time we was not available in this hot phase.
So more we will look at the final invoaccounts.
There will certainly be.
We are not naive and have a long breath ".
Noations of abuse often come from the affected employees or unions.
In addition, the BA analysis software to detect patterns.
According to Terzenbach, the BA is preparpreparing for a possible wave of inrupsolvency wave in autumn.
"Will there be much more insolvencies than in the previous year?
The ments are differ, but we arms for the case of the case and are already train our employees in the employment agencies for processing applications for insolvency money ".
The figures are still inspuous, said Terzenbach said.
World Heritage in Potsdam: Party in the Neue Garten dissolved
Potsdam - On Friday evening about 40 young people celebrated a party in the Neue Garten.
The collection was dissolved at 8.48 p.m. by the drivers of the Stiftung Prusußische Castösser and Gardens (SPSG), the foundation on PNN request.
The people left the park.
On Saturday evening some young people played by in the New Garden Rugby.
The meadow had been cleared by drivers, said SPSG spokesman Frank Kallensee on Sunday.
illegal celebrations in the parks
In parks of the Foundation are collections in which the distance and hygiene regulations Covid--19 Regulation are not observed.
At the end of June there a celebration with about 300 people in the Park Babelsberg Park, a week later about 150 people in the New Garten.
Even without Corona order, the parks are closed when darkness.
The on the meadows is prohibited according to parking regulations, there are only few exceptions.
The Foundation has been complaining for that visitors would leaving more and more gage and destroy protected biotopes.
In Berlin, illegal park parties have meanreached a different dimension.
In the Hasenheide in the district Neukölln district 5000 people celebrated an illegal techno party to Sunday.
The event was dissolved by the police.
Austria: Mass tests for Corona erbreak in tourist resort
With hundreds of tests, authorities have responded to a Corona outupbreak in the popular Upper Austrian tourist resort of St. Wolfgang.
The number of confirmed cases increased to 48, as by the state authorities in Linz reported.
More than 100 results were in the evening.
According, many of the infected young interns in tourism companies, but at least a holiday guest has tested positively tested.
Residents, guests and tourist staff were asked to stay in their accommodation on Saturday evening.
The was set at 11 pm.
"There are there cancellations and cancellations" of bookings, said the head of the Tourism Wolfgangsee Tourism, Hans Wieser, the dpa.
Some guests left ely.
St. Wolfgang is the most important tourist resort in Upper Austria, with more than 400,000 nights last year.
In a normal season, about one third of the guests are German.
On Friday the first infections had known.
The head of the district authority, Alois Lanz, defended the behaviour of the interns who had celebrated in several places and could have infected there Saturday.
"We all liked to do that in our youth," he said the radio station Ö1.
However, Friday two bars were closed on Friday to prevent further infections.
The Tourist Association launched an information campaign to raise ze young employees of the dangers of Covid-19.
From Saturday hundreds of employees, vacdaymakers and locals were tested.
In addition, all guests were contacted who in St. Wolfgang July 15.
The outbreak brings memories of the Austrian ski and party resort of Ischgl in Tyrol, which in the early phase of the pandemic was a centre of Corona spread throughout Europe.
In more than 1500 people are currently infected with the virus.
The focus new infections are Vienna and Upper Austria.
Premier League: Man United and Chelsea qualiqualified for Champions League
London (dpa) - English football record champion Manchester United returns to the Champions League after a year of absence.
The Red Devils secured third on the the Premier League with a 2-– 0 (0 – 0) win against direct competitor Leicester City.
The foxes now have content with the Europa League because Chelsea passed and qualified fourth for the top class.
In the fight against the descent, Aston Villa was to cheer.
Manchester United was lead by a Bruno Fernandes (71st minute).
After a red card for Leicester City in, Jesse Lingard (90 th + 8) reached the.
Chelsea, in the Champions League eight-finof Bayern, won thanks to Mason Mount (45 + 1) and Olivier Giroud (45 th + 4) parallel with 2 – 0 (2: 0) against the Wolverhampton Wanderers.
"This means a lot to me," said coach Frank Lampard, who Arsenal in his first season as a Chelsea coach in the final of the FA Cup.
Chelseas's victory against Wolverhampton also ited Tottenham Hotspur, who passed the Wolves with a lean 1 – 1 (1 – 0) at Crystal Palace and starting sixth in the Europa League.
Aston Villa decided the el with Watford and AFC Bournemouth, but had to ble at West Ham United.
The late leadership of Jack Grealish (84) immediately ed Andrey Jarmolenko (85).
The 1: 1 (0: 0) enough because Watford lost Arsenal 2 – 3 (1: 3).
The club had three ers in the season, ends after five first years.
Just like Bournemouth, who could't save by a 3-1 (2 – 1) at Everton.
In the end was a point.
Liverpool, English champion since the end of June, secured a club record with a 3 – 1 (1 – 1) victory at Newcastle United.
99 s are the highest value the Reds have ever achieved in a football season.
The in English football missed coach Jürgen Klopp with his team.
The holds Manchester City with 100 points in the 2017 / 18 season.
After the Newcastle lead in the first minute, Virgil van Dijk (38 th), Divock Origi (59) and Sadio Mané (89) made the match on Sunday for Liverpool.
"For this wonderful club it was an extraordinary season," said goalorer van Dijk after the game, "that should encourage us to defend the title.
It will hard ".
The Premier League bosses should be satisfied.
Due of the Coronavirus crisis, football operations in England was rupted from 13 March to 17 June.
Meanwhile the meantime there even discussed about premature demotion or of the remaining of games on neutral ground.
After the season could be played without special occurevents - however as in Germany without spectators in the stadiums.
Arrests and violence in demonstrations against Netanyahu
The protests in Israel against leader Netanyahu are increasingly violent.
At night violent ashes.
The Israeli police bly Jerusalem on the night of Sunday in Jerusalem against participants in a demonstration against right-conservative leader Benjamin yamin Netanyahu.
Twelve people were been arrested for participating in riots, police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld.
The police used water ers to solve the rally.
In media reports around 66000 people gathered near Netanyahu's office on Saturday evening.
They protested against unemployment, corruption, and Netanyahu's dealing with the Corona crisis.
The protesters beat drums, blew in horns and called Netanyahu to ign.
Participants in a counter-demonstration supported Netanyahu arrested, reported the news page "ynet".
People also demonstrated in many other places in Israel, including front of the private villa of the head of government in the coastal town of Caesarea and in a park in Tel Aviv.
A man was arrested to police near Tel Aviv because is susppicected of sprayed spray from a driving car spray on demonstrators on the the side.
Another man was arrested on a demonstrator in the south of the country.
The demonstrator was injured on his neck.
In Jerusalem and Tel Aviv there have been demonstrations against Netanyahu.
The rallies accompany the corruption process against the head of government.
Netanyahu was also criticized for his handling the Corona crisis.
He rapid asing and a lack of preparation for a second corona wave.
The Corona crisis has heavily to the economy.
The unemployment rate was more than 20 percent.
The number of new infections with the coronavirus in Israel last rose to new record values.
Accident at Ahlen (NRW) - Transporter ashes on car - nine injured - Ruhrgebiet - Bild.de
Ahlen - A driaccident claimed nine light injured on Saturday afternoon at the B58 near Ahlen.
A car driver was Beckum with her two children (3, 5) Beckum.
The police: "Probably she had suddenly slowed because she wanted to turn".
This the driver of a Mercedes transporter who ve behind her must have seen too late.
He ashed on the car.
In the accident three inmates injured in the car and six injured in the van injured.
Several ambulances took her to a hospital.
North Korea es border town after Corona susppicion
North Korea has seen a "ous success in its own measures to defend the Coronavirus.
Now country reports a suspicion.
Due of a first official Corona susppicion in the country, North Korea has completely aled a city for fear of a disaster.
Despite the severe epidemiological defense measures over the past six months, "the malicious virus could have been introduced into the country," the state media reported.
The emergency been imposed for the region around the border town of Kaesong.
The Communist ist leadership called the highest alarm.
If the susppicion confirmed, it would be the first official infection case with Ss CoV-2 in the isolated country.
North Korea had not registered a single infection and described its defense measures as a "luminous success".
The data was questioned abroad.
The disease symptoms were portreported in a "outlier" who illegally crossed the military demarcation line between South and North Korea on 19.
The person had ed to South Korea three years ago and had now returned across the border.
For crossing within the four kilometwide and mostly reduced military buffer zone was from South Korea.
However Korea to reports by the national news agency Yonhap, military the possibility of an illegal border crossing to North Korea high.
Studies on some people.
North Korea own on Saturday ion a urgent gency meeting of the political tbuburo of the Workers Party chaired by leader Kim Jong Un.
The "dangerous situation in Kaesong could trigger a deadly and destructive disaster". "
Kim had ordered on Friday as a preventive measure to "completely block Kaesong and isolate each district and region from others," continued.
The data subject and all people in Kaesong who had contact with him were been placed under quarantined.
The central military commission of the should therefore investigate the "outout" and the behaviour of the responsible military unit and impose severe punishment.
Kaesong estimated about 300,000 people.
Tension before Council meeting: City-East and noise protection are still discussion before a great summer break
"In addition to environmental issues, the committee members will also vote on the development plan for the large Inncity Development ung-East project," it is coinciually in the middle part of the city press release for the next municipal meeting on Tuesday, 28 July, at 4.30 p.m. in the Grand Hall of the CongressCentre Pforzheim.
The the ation of the eastern city is controversial until the end.
The majorities for this are short, least in individual committees depending on the presence.
An appeal from the economy (construction, real estate, trade and IT), the project developed out from citizenship and then developed by administration and municipal council, fail after almost ten years of preparation, criticized project opponent Reinhard Klein as an "extraparliamentary opposition", "unecting", "speculation", "diation" and "conscious false statements".
"Everyone think to know it better," says Klein, who has member to the municipal council for a year as the only representative of the Pforzheim.
In fact, after reading the Treaties he in position: "I know what I am talking about".
The exit the city cheaper, the Technical City Hall was contrary to statements of the city administration to subsigrants of whose existence Klein is convinced to ate for 8.5 million euros.
The city will develop very different from forecast in the town hall and advocates from the economy.
To shape the city by its own and not an investor: this is its plan B. One day after Klein, the FDP / FW / UB / LED Group, which also refjects the project, presented an alternative concept.
It also includes the renovation of the Technical Town Hall, the closure of the Schloßberg, the renting of the Ex-Thvalley for administrative areas and a smaller scale inner city design ideally with local carriers.
Environmental topics play a central role
In addition, environmental issues will play a central role.
The the local council will vote on the noise plan.
This includes various measures to protect the Pforzheim population from health noise pollution, caused by road traffic, including many temporary reductions.
The political leaders in the city are not innocent that this had to happen because by neglecting scheduled traffic with thinned bars and little commitment to cycling traffic, they only contributed to the massive increase in car traffic and thus the noise, the VCD.
The municipal council also es on the participation of the city of the energy and climate protection agency Pforzheim / Enzkreis.
The the agenda is accession to the Climate Protection Pact of the state of Baden-Württemberg, the reestablishment of parents contributions in the urban daycare institutions and the application for admission into the smart city funding.
Citizens are welcome, but must support Corona protection measures.
With much delay Tim Zimmermann starts into the new season
With almost half a year delay, Tim Zimmermann start his premiere season at the ADAC GT Masters on July 31.
Before the League of Supersports cars can start regular operation, the first test runs were.
For Zimmermann was to know his Lamborghini Huracan GT3.
The Corona crisis has long long ented Tim Zimmermann from start his first service in the new Lamborghini Huracan by Grasser Racing.
Under special hygiene conditions, this was now possible.
The 23-year-old Langenargener made his first roaps on the Lausitzring and was get used to his premiere in the GT3 car.
"There are already a few things that are different from the Porsche from the pre-season," says Zimmermann.
"With the ABS you have to go into the curves.
But it really been a lot of fun ".
Zimmermann had fun with Steijn Schothorst, with whom he will share his orange sports car in the GT Masters.
The Dutch has already experienced in the GT sport despite his only 25 years and has able help his new teammmate in many things.
"I'm not a beginner in motorsport, but every new series also brings new challenges," says Zimmermann.
"Steijn and I understand dazzling and we have made enormous progress at the Lausitzring from session to session".
Exthere - at the Lausitzring - the GT Masters will host its first race.
From 31 July, the 33 super sports cars will race through the Lusatia.
Zimmermann, who is one of 15 series newcomers, knows the line.
In 2015 he was a guest at the Motodrom.
"It worked quickly and I had to get used to the track," says Zimmermann, who starting for the Friedrichshracing gemeinschaft Graf Zeppelin.
"The Lausitzring has many fast ages that you have to meet to be fast".
How fast carpenter really is, this turns in two weeks.
"The teams poing a little in the tests," he says.
"In we are very satisfied and look looking forward to the first weekend at Lausitzring".
The race in Brandenburg will be the start of a denpressed calendar.
By the beginning of November seven races.
Current stand is that no vietwers will be admitted - but there is a prominent guest.
In mid-August at the Nürburgring, former Formula 1 driver Niko Hülkenberg will take the GT steering wheel.
British Minister Transport Minister of quarantine decision
The British government's decision to ine Spanish vacdaymakers under quarantine for two weeks caught the country's Minister of Transport to press reports.
According, Grant Shapps is currently on holiday in Spain, while his colleagues decided the measure home on Saturday.
Because to the Corona figures in Spain, the cabinet in London removed the country from the list of countries entry without quarantine conditions.
The new regulation will valid from today, Sunday, so Shapps will have after his return to quarantine.
In Austria, the government has also imposed quarantine measures for renees.
But the scheme applies to those who are holiday on the deaddate, only from Saturday, 1 August, and was not introduced overnight.
By the Spain considered as one of the "safe countries" for which no quarantine in Austria.
"Many erous ministers may have known advance that the possibility of quarantine imposed on holimakers Spain," commented Labour MP Diane Abbot.
"But apparently no one has made trouble to tell Grant Shapps".
Just early a month after the end of the Corona emergency in Spain and the ation of the strict barrier, the of infection in the country rise.
Virorologists nightlife for the new expansion.
Spain is one of the favorite holiday countries in the British.
From unnecessary travel to the Spanish mainland, the British government currently advises that popular Canary and Balearic Islands British are excluded.
So far more than 272,000 infections have registered Spain with the novel coronavirus and more than 28,000 aths have registered Spain.
Russia: Navy Day: Putin announces hyperpersonic weapons for warships
Russian President Vladimir Putin announced Day in his country a equipment of warships with modern hyper-personic weapons.
With these unique weapons unique in the world would expand the fighting capabilities of the Russian naval forces, Putin said on Sunday in St. Petersburg at the central navparade.
The Ministry of Defense also informed the Interfax agency about successful tests of the hyperic rozircon built for the Navy.
The hyperic weapons have multiple the speed of sound of about 343 meters per second.
They are considered as weapons of the future.
Underwater tropedeo is built
It was built on the atomunderwater torpedo Poseidon.
The planned sea drone is planned to destroy coastal targets.
The President, who himself ve a military boat, said that this year alone 40 new ships would be put service to the individual fleet associations of the largest country in the.
Russia has such a large coastal area as no other country in the world.
For 300 years, the navNavy has protecting Russia ably, Putin at the day celebrated by sailroors.
Also many other Russian coastal towns, the naval forces celebrated the day of the navwith parades.
In Syria, where Russia fighting with leader Bashar al-Assad, the military demonstrated strength at a weapons show in the Mediterranean port of Tartu.
ammunition was also fired.
The a video published by the Ministry of Defense not only warships, including a submarine, but also fighhelicopters and jets.
Hurricane "Hanna" reaches Texas: Help for Corona
Washington - The first hurricane of this year's season over the Atlantic has ed ore in Texas.
Life threatening floods, strong winds and rains now threatened parts of the US state, the National Hurriricane Center of Climate NOAA night to Sunday (local time).
Governor Greg Abbott called of emergency for many districts.
The Texas Corona pandemic in Texas ed the work of helpers, Abbott according to US media.
Evacuated called to caution
"Every hurricane is a enormous challenge," said Abbott said according to the newspaper "Houston Chronicle.
Looking ing the cyclone in Texas, he added: "This challenge is complicated and is exacated considering that it sweeping through an area that is the state most area affected by Covid-19". "
According to JohnHopkins University, of the Corona pandemic around 5000 people have died alone in Texas.
Abbott called caupeople who had to leave their homes.
They should not disregard practices "that we have accustomused to", such as wearing masks, said the governor according to the CBS.
It is important that all distance.
Some hotel rooms were in some places.
It should be tested in emergency ter on Corona.
Damdamage was reported from the coastal town of Port Mansfield.
Storm warning drawn
With wind speeds of up to 150 kilometers per hour "Hanna" was the island of Padre Island just off the Texas coast.
The tropical storm had previously been classified the hurricane of the lowest level one.
For the coastal section from Port Mansfield to Sargent a storm flood warning was first issued and later drawn.
Authorities expected a weakdown, while "Hanna" moved to land and heading to northeast of Mexico.
"Douglas" moves in Hawaii
In the Pacific Hurriricane "Douglas" was Hawaii night on Sunday at wind speeds of about 150 kilometers per hour.
The hurricane Center expected it to ate.
According to the prediction, it is be on Sunday (local time) near the largest islands of Hawaii - then as a storm just below the hurricane threshold.
Over the Atlantic NOAA expected an above-average active hurricane season forecast May.
From June to the end of November up to ten hurricanes expected, of which up to six very strong cyclcanones, the authority said.
On average, are six hurricanes per year the Atlantic, three of which develop into storms of great strength ms.
Given available climate data and the higher water temperature in the Atlantic and the Caribbean, the likelihood of a normal season was only 30 percent, an below average even ten percent.
US President Donald Trump wrote via Twitter that his government closely ched the storms and in contact with the states.
Four goals pped: Video assistant "punished" Sassuolo
Sassuolos Filip Djuricic were pped two goals
Naples - Four goals scored, four goals: Sassuolo Calcio experienced a rablack evening at 0: 2 (0: 1) at the SSC Naples in the Italian football league Serie A - and was really sgry at the video assistant of the referee.
"A festival of ungiven gates for Sassuolo.
Never VAR never gone so hard against a team, "commented the" Corriere dello Sport ".
Host Naples had gone through a goal of defender Elseid Hisaj in the 8th minute, in the 32nd minute Filip Djuricic first cheered the compensation.
The Video Assistant Referee (VAR) took the hit due to a position.
Five minutes later, Djuricic shot the ball into the net - again the VAR.
The gates of attackers Francesco Caputo (50th) and Domenico Berardi (61 1st) also withdrew the referee team after the VAR.
In the -up, Allan made the 2: 0 for Naples and the bitter evening for Sassuolo.
"The VAR is worse for Sassuolo than a radar trap on the road and punishes Sassuolo like no team before.
The new technology ensures records, "writes the" Gazzetta dello Sport ".
FC Bayern München: Pavard injured
Munich (dpa) - The start in the hot preparation phase for the Champions League started with a setback for doublwinner FC Bayern.
Having reason" "after a short holiday and a few training days Hansi Flick must to consider after the first team training how he can build his successful defense after the injury of World champion Benjamin Pavard.
The French enchman who had the third minutes minutes behind Captain Manuel Neuer and midfielleader Joshua Kimmich, suffered band injury on the left foot root and threatens to missing in decisive king class duels.
In the Munich smugling weather, the legal defender broke a training game and was driven from the place with a golf kt.
How long the restricted regular player must pause in the fight for the title is open.
A in the eighfinal match against FC Chelsea on 8 August is be difficult to the final tournament starts in Lisbon on 12 August in.
The Bavarians do not want to be stopped by the misluck from the training on Sunday.
Flick in his personal triple formula Flick the three attributes he wants to see from his stars on his way to Portugal's capital.
Quality, intensity and concentration should show its vichungry title collectors in the ideally next 28 days until the King class final game on 23 August.
"We simply mastered the tasks with championship and cup.
Now it is to create what special, "said Flick.
Until the Munich can deal with the final tournament and previously a training camp in the Algarve, the eighfinal against FC Chelsea.
After the 3: 0 first before the Corona break, the London ers in the local arena not in the lost "Finale dahoam" the Bavaria nightmare 2012.
"We have to go through the door.
We want to win, create good conditions and charge trust with a good game, "Flick.
A is Friday against Olympique Marseille.
With a long speech, Flick had se his stars who had after the Double 13 days to a unique August.
He welcomed 31 players on Säbener Straße, including the new players for noble purchasing Leroy Sané, who the first time after his from Manchester City met all new colleagues in the.
"Leroy fits well like all new ones," Flick.
But instead of talking about the new season if Sané & Co. can no longer allowed to train, Flick spoke much about the current title project of the German Series champion.
After days of single and small group training now team strength for the London ers, who are m in contrast to the Flick ensemble rhyth.
After Munich could face a quarter-finals against FC Barcelona and Lionel Messi, in the semi-ifinals Real Madrid, Manchester City and Juventus Turin are possible opponents.
A way to the final in Lisbon "is not quite so easy" stressed the head coach, who can Tuesday on the services of his new assistant Miroslav Klose in training Tuesday.
The World Cup scorKlose and Flick know about many common tournament preparation, which particularly important in the 0-to 100 match.
With his current team, work is "a pleasure", ised Flick ised.
The "focus on nings" is an ing feature of his team.
The tournament with nine teams was ambitious on Sunday.
All the winners, including the rant Thiago and defender David Alaba, whose wherouts is not secured beyond the royal class season.
Formula 1 needs a special rule to cut its world champion
Since cannot be driven on the required number of continents, the FIA must improvise to award the World titles.
All American races were cancelled.
Racing calendar is becoming concrete
The race calendar of the current Formula 1 season is to take shape.
The the ten confirmed Grand Prix three more tracks added the week.
In October be at the Nürburgring in Germany and in Portuguese Portimão.
On the first November, Lewis Hamilton and Co. compete for World Cup points on the Italian traditional circuit in Imola.
The race calendar 2020 includes 13 runs.
"We are pleased to continue to make great progress in completing our plans for the 2020 season," said Formula 1 oss Chase Carey.
In this extraordinary season 15 to 18 races will be in the class of motorsport.
The Formula 1 wants finish their season in Asia.
The final race calendar is be fixed and published in the coming weeks.
Before the officially scheduled races in Bahrain and Abu Dhabi in December, media reports could ances in Vietnam and Malaysia could at the end of November.
Regulations demands races on three continents
The regulations of Formula 1 requires for award of the World Championship but at least races on three continents.
Even if as planned, is only driven on two continents, there should be a world champion.
With a special rule, the FIA wants to award the titles reference to "extraordinary circumstances" because of the coronavirvirus pandemic.
The traditional start the season in Australia in March had to be cancelled short due to the coroncrisis.
A return to the continent this year is not an issue.
In addition, Formula 1 will not be guest in America this year.
Cancection criticism in Brazil
Due to the tense corona assituation, the races will not take place in Canada, the USA, Mexico and Brazil.
"We are looking forward to be back with them again the next season," Carey.
The cancellation of the American races criticism in Brazil: "The ection did not surprising surprise for us, but reasons cannot accept the," said Tamas Rohonyi, promoter of the Grand Prix in São Paulo.
The infection in São Paulo area are significantly lower than in other regions of Brazil.
The concerns of some teams not anting to drive in Brazil would also not justify ection.
We is prepared for the required security measures.
Greta Thunberg: Eview against Donald Trump went around the world
Greta Thunberg spoke about her meeting with US President Donald Trump.
Greta Thunberg was guest video in the famous latenight show by Stephen Colbert and in an interview what she had in mind during her encounter with Donald Trump.
Climate atkivisvisor Greta Thunberg was guest in a popular US latenight show video.
She told things about her fight against the powerful of the world.
The teenager also spoke about her famous "evil look" during her meeting with Donald Trump.
New York City - Over the past two years, climate activist Greta Thunberg with her tireless commitment for the "Fridays For Future" movement.
Now in a well-known latenight show about her plans in the future and her meeting with US President Donald Trump at the UN Climate Summit last year.
Latenight moderenter Stephen Colbert welcomed 17-year-old Thunberg on your show on Tuesday and conducted a longer interview with the Swedish.
She spoke not only about her fight against climate change, but also about her conflict with the powerful of the world.
"There are some things that surprised me," she said.
"How far people go to get the focus away from the climate crisis," she shaken.
"Everything from organized hate campaigns to threats, just because a group of children goes on the streets," she experienced.
Heads of leaders and leading leaders who mock against them in social media or even try to silence them to, they find "funny" because you show the reactions "because they have no other answer to it". "
It particularly interesting at the end of the interview when Greta Thunberg was addressed to a well-known scene which she w US President Trump a bterly itter look.
At the 2019 UN Climate Summit in New York, for which the nusailed across the Atlantic, her expressive view was captured by the cameras and has since been seen by countless people on the Internet.
The short clip created a GIF, an animated image which ultimately became one of the most commonly used images for Trump opponents.
But what did the 17-year-old think about the US president moment?
On the relatively open question of Stephen Colbert, she answered briefly and dry: "To be honest, I believe there need no further explanation".
The answer the experienced satirist Colbert had not expected and disappeared laughing from the picture.
With her "How dare you?" speech on the principles of climate protection, she remained remembered many at the climate Conference.
Ex-Dortmund Immobile with three pack for Lazio Rome
Ciro Immobile is now in the race for Europe's Golden Shoe with Bavaria's s Robert Lewandowski.
The former Dortmund Ciro Immobile Dortmund has the best chances to becoming scorer king in the Italian Football Championship.
The former BVB professional scored three goals at the 5: 1 (1: 1) victory by Lazio Rome at Hellas Verona, including two transformed penalty meters in the retimes of both halves.
The the 30-year-old two season games now has 34 season onters on his account - just as many Robert Lewandowski from FC Bayern Munich in the Bundesliga season.
In Italy, Cristiano Ronaldo 30 goals, the Portuguese superstar met the Sampdoria Genoa.
FleetwooMac co-founder Peter Green died
His life was like a rollercoaster ride: After a rapid climb with Fleetwood Mac it went steeply downhill and then slowly upup.
Now bluesrock guitarist Peter Green died at the age of 73.
Gengenious guitarist, drug g-junkie, cult supendant: The co-founder of the band Fleetwood Mac, Peter Green, is dead.
He died peacefully sleep at the age of 73, family members in an official statement on Saturday that another further statement would be announced for the next days.
Top musicians like Peter Frampton recognized Green as one of the best blues and rock guitarists.
Mick Fleetwood spoke in an emotional reaction of a "monumental loss" for all former and current members of the band Fleetwood Mac.
The drummer Fleetwood and the guitarist Green had founded the now legendary band 1967 in London in 1967, his dreamy instrumental hit "Albatross".
The life of the musician ("The End Of The Game", "In The Skies") was a rollercoaster ride.
With Fleetwood Mac, Green experienced a rapid rise - the band celebrated their greatest successes but then without him.
There is been dispute because Green wanted to donate all the profits the group for charitable purposes.
He began to appear in wide garments and with large crucifix.
Psychental problems are also played a role.
Three years after its, Green left the band in 1970.
This followed a social decline.
The bluesrock guitarist suffered from drug abuse and schizophrenia, as biographers reported.
For long time Green was treated in psychiatry.
During much of the 1970s, the musician disappeared from the scene.
He is lived on the street, worked as a gardener and spent a in an Israeli kibbutz.
Green was born in 1946 as the son of a Jewish working family in Bethnal Green London.
At a early age he was enthusiastic for US blumusicians such as B.B. King and Muddy Waters.
At the age of eleven he learned the first guitar guitar.
At the age of 15, the teenager began ally playing guitar professionand five years later got the chance to perform on stage as a lead guitarist for the instrumental band Peter B's Looners.
He he was red replacement for his idol Eric Clapton with the Bluesbreakers.
In the midmiddle of the blues boom, Green founded Fleetwood Mac with his bluesbreakers colleagues Mick Fleetwood and John McVie.
The song "Albatross" composed by Green gave the first number hit the group first number 1 hit in the winter of 1968 / 69 and catapulted it to the top of the British music scene.
But the rapid rise soon showed his shadow sides: Green did not do the media ype, his experiments with the drug LSD became extreme.
He commented on the life between music and addiction in an interview: "The worst thing that happened to me in life is the drugs - the best was to land a number 1 hit". "
Towthe end of the decade, Green surprisingly achieved success 1979 with an album inspired by religious themes.
Fleetwood Mac swam success in a new formation.
Their 1977 album "Rumours" in 1977 sold more than 40 million copies worldwide.
Despite various small solo successes, Green did not achieve a bigger comeback until he in 1996 with a group of friends musicians in.
The British "Daily Telegraph" spoke of a rock star returned to Earth.
Frevon Green released several albums with the Peter Green Splinter Group until the band broke in 2004.
For music experts he was a blues legend his lifetime - and with his gentle sound one of the most influential guitarists of the past decades.
