Biker reacts lightlightning speed and prevented
On Friday evening , a traffic accident occurred on the Machtolsheim Merklingen road , in which a motorcyclist was only slightly injured thanks to his quick reaction .
Driver overlooks biker
A 430 year-old motorist wanted to a from driver wanted wanted her her her her Merklingen to left left the state straße 1230 in the direction towards Machtolsheim .
The 24year-old year-old year-old year-old motormotorfrom Nellingen from Nellingen .
Hand and foot brake lever fly away during collision
The biker tried to avoid the car car but still touched it at the rear vehicle area .
Due to the stripping process , hand hand and foot brake levers were lilion the SuSuzuki and the driver was no longer able to brake .
At present moment he stestehis motorcycle motorcycle the green stistinext next the roadroad and let it roll out there to fall down .
Bikker suffers leg injury
Due to the collision with the car , bikers suffered an injury to the time and had to be treated in a clinic .
Mamming Corona mass infection 174 harpers infected
After a corona mass infection of a large vegetable farm in mamming , almost 500 people are quarquarined and are no longer allowed to leave the farm .
Security service monitors the ban .
A total of 174 harvesters tested positive for the Corona pathSarSarSarCoV-2 during the series series , as the the District Office on Saturday evening .
&quot; In order to avoid further spread , we must unfortunately take step to protect the population , &quot; explained Landrat Werner Bumeder ( CSU ) .
Previously , seven employees had already become infected in the company - this was the occasion of the series test .
The farm is a large vegetable farm that grows strawberries , cucumbers , cabbage and beetroot - cucumbers but only for inlay glasses .
Mamming is a rural community about 3300 not far from Dingolfing large BMW plant .
appealed to citizens to keep calm : &quot; According to information , it is a closed group of people .
On the farm , uninfected employees were separated , the site is now surrounded by a barrier fence .
The Greens and SPD gave shared responsibility to the state government .
The two opposition groups accused Prime Minister Markus Markus öder ( ) and his cabinet cabinet of controlling controlling seasonal workers .
&quot; can take venge revenge if such and lockdowns have to be ordered , &quot; said JÃ1 ⁄ 4rgen , the parliamentary director of the Greens .
The SPD sees this very similar : &quot; &quot; the Corona outbreak in mid-May May , we have already demanded a special control program for farms with harvesters , &quot; said environmental expert Florian von Brunn .
&quot; Especially the hygiene conditions at the workplace and the living conditions from ours are sharply monitored .
That is obviously not . &quot;
The outbreak was announced .
Aidenbachstraße : Dangerous dispute : 19-year-old falls into the track bed after Schubser
In a dispute between two youth groups on Aidenbachstraße , a 19-year-old slipped through a drawer and track bed .
Obersendling - Friday there was underground underground station bachbachstraße straße 16 16 p.m. p.m. came groups a dispute between two youth groups .
A passers-by alted police with several stripes .
According to the first investigation , a Munich ( 17 ) pushed a 19-year-old to the ground .
The young slipped over the platform edge and fell track bed .
People from the 17-year-old helped helped the the climb out of track .
There was no danger from a coming railway .
According to the police , there were again clashes between the two people .
The 17-year-old initially fled from crime scene , but he could be determined retrospect .
Accompaniment of his father went to the police inspection .
&quot; 17-year-old diault &quot; .
Report : Seehofer ures for data storage
Data storage is currently
However , Federal Minister of the Interior Horst Seehofer calls for an extension after a media report
He wants to strengthen the fight against .
Federal Minister of the Interior Horst Seehofer ( ) calls for a media report for an extended - instead of a instead of the planned ten weeks .
As reported by the &quot; Bild on Sunday &quot; , Minister of Justice Christine Lambrecht SPD ) asked in a letter for a quick amendment to the law .
Seehofer wants to strengthen measures against child abuse
He makes it sense to &quot; make necessary adjustadjustin the law law &quot; &quot; quotes those from the letter .
Data storage is currently suspended .
A ECJ J decision is expected .
Seehofer , however , wants the changes bebeehehso so that they could be applied after a possible positive positive , , this continues .
A spokesman for the Ministry of Justice told the newspaper that it could only make sense whether it was necessary if the courts had decided .
In the fight against child abuse and child pornography , Seehofer had spoken out out in of for data storage in June .
NBA : Stripclub anger for Clipper Star Lou Williams
Excitement of the NBA !
Lou Williams ( ) , basketball professional Los Angeles Clippers , is said to have left the tournament headquarters in Disney World in Orlando , Florida with permission for a funeral .
According to US media reports , however , he still the strip club &quot; Magic City &quot; in Atlanta in the evening .
, who is said to have added the visit according to ESPN information , is back in Isloation , is tested daily on Covid-19 .
His reason for the visit : Chicken Wings .
In February last year , &quot; Sweet Lou &quot; , as he is called the NBA , expressed his love for exactly these wings .
The American wrote : &quot; Magic City and Blue Flame ( another strip club in Atlanta , usually have the Wings in city .
NBA insider Shams Charania announced on Twitter on Sunday that it ordered a ten-day quarantine .
The Clippers Star Star ses the first official games after the test game phase .
In Disney World , the NBA wants to play the Corona season .
Currently , the best 22 teams training games are preparing for the season season that begins night Friday .
Söder comments on the Corona situation after mass ectone
Munich - Health Minister Melanie Huml ( CSU has already announced a test offensive for large farms on Sunday .
The press conference will be seen on our homepage .
The Mamming case in the district of Dingolfing-Landau has uptened authorities and politics .
Almost 500 harvestvestfrom countries are currently working on the large farm farm , CorCorCorpathogen has Corinfected pathogen .
The farm is now under quarantine and is closed with a building fence .
No body is allowed to leave the terrain , become food .
The authorities now offer the Corona tests of 300 300 free Corona tests .
Since the harvestpers had little contact with the local population , Landratsamt amt so far assumed that the infections did not spread spread the farm .
&quot; Conmorse &quot; : Confession of the alleged arsonson of Nantes
&quot; My client was cooperative , &quot; lawyer Quentin Chabert told the newspaper .
The defender added , &quot; He greatly regrets the deeds , the confession was a liberation for him . &quot;
His mandate was &quot; plagued by remorse and away by the extent of destruction &quot; .
In the event of a conviction , a years of imprison0,000 0,000 a fine of of 150,000 euros are aten .
The Cathedral of St. Paul Cathedral in Nantes had been severe in a fire on the night on Saturday last week .
The fire had erupout in three distant parts of the church .
Laboratory tests hardenthe suspicion of arson
The detained had been arrested a few hours after the fire .
He was released after a day .
The man works as a volunteer for the diocese of Nantes and was responsible for the closure on the eve of the fire .
Since there was no trace of a violent one into the church , he quickly quickly the the of view of the investigators .
Discuss the Abolition of the 50 1 Rule
Former DFB President Reinhard Grindel has recommended thinking on the abolition of the 50 + 1 rule
&quot; German football should at least discuss setting conditions and clear rules for investors before the EU Commission creates facts acaccompleted , &quot; GrinGrindel the &quot; Bild on Sunday &quot; .
He stressed : &quot; For the clubs that can most most dangerous for Bavaria and Dortmund , 50 + 1 rules do not dangerous anyway : see Leipzig or Leverkusen .
In this respect , there debate no avoid the debate whether it is not necessary to facilitate associations that of break break into that break break into this inclusion anx . &quot;
has doubts as to to in German football there there to to majority majority st, , which are in the Bundesliga by the 50 + 1 rule .
&quot; It remains a legal risk to draw investment fences around the BundesBundesbusiness location in a European internal market , GrinGrindel .
The former DFB head sees the danger that &quot; attempts attempts to ensure more competitive balance in the BundesBundeswill ultimately lead lead competitiveness top clubs at European level level but but no longer in the championship &quot; .
Even an equal distribution of the TV funds will have a decisive effect .
&quot; FC Bayern makes sales of 750 million euros , Borussia Dortmund of 500 million and RB Leipzig of 300 million
The differences are already immense among the first three clubs alone .
The other 15 have an average budget of 130 million , &quot; said the 58-year-old .
Looking at the past , Grindel feels betrayed
Unfortunately , there were people who noticed noticed this and and ierced press press to to it GrinGrinGrindel del accepting ting expensive expensive watch to resigned in April 2019 .
&quot; That occupied me me humanly . &quot;
The gift worth 11,000 from Ukrainian officials .
&quot; I committed a compliance violation and it was right to draw consequences , Grindel said .
&quot; I dealt with the ominous watch gift completely transparent transparent and suspably .
Many knew in the DFB . &quot;
He 58-year-old made a secret of it &quot; &quot; the sured the 58-sured .
&quot; This may be called naive , at least this form of transparency the complete opposite of corruption &quot; .
&quot; Black Lives Matter &quot; : and a
The protests against the United States have have shared ated by Donald Donald ’ s deployment of federal police in several cities .
On Saturday , there were clashes in various cities and protators in various cities .
Three people were injured in Louisville , 16 people in Seattle .
In Austin , a person shot shots while a demonstration train just crossed a crossing .
Previously , there had been clashes in Portland land against racism and once again .
The security forces , including federal police , used tear gas gas night on on Saturday and destroyed demonstresters .
Hundreds of armed protators marched through Louisville in Kentucky and demanding that those responsible for the death of Breonna Taylor should become accounresponsible .
The 26 old student was shot in a drug raid in her apartment in March .
The aim of the raid was others who did not live , no drugs were found .
On Saturday Saturday , a member of a group that called itself as an armed alliance of black Americans gave one one , three people were injured .
According to NBC , they were taken to the hospital .
None of them were in mortmortdanger .
Police set up barricades because counterdemonstrdemonstrators had a white militia
In timately , there was no meeting of the two groups .
In Austin person Austin person in the course of a Black Lives Matter &quot; demonstration and died .
The police took their suspect into a suspect in custody .
She did not make any closer to the circumstances of the deed .
Mayor Steve told the New York Times &quot; &quot; he , like many in the city , was &quot; inconsolable and stunned &quot; of what had happened .
Demonstrators also clashes with with police police in the American metropolis on Seattle
They set fire cars construction cars in front of a youth prison , the police set glare grenades and pepper spray .
According to the Seattle Times , 16 people were arrested for resistance to police or physical ault .
In the city of Oland land California California , thouse thouse land on fire .
A small group of demonstrators took windows , fishot fireworks works and blinded police police with laslas, the OOland police said on Saturday evening ( local time ) .
The fire was quickly extinguished
In Aurora , a suburb of Denver , Colorado , a car drove through a crowd demonstrating on a highway .
According to police police , a demonstrator fired a gun and at least injured was taken to the injured .
In addition , a court was also there and a fire was fire , as the police said .
Invesinvestigation .
Rakoczy in Bad Kissingen : Historical defy Corona
Although the big break in the spa town was missing , visitors and performers enjoyed the Rakoczy flair of the alternative program .
It was unusual for visitors , actors and : The Rakoczy weekend without Rakoczy Festival .
: Even though the big party mile was the city center was missing , which and program highlights such SaSaale burburn Rakocyball or or ession , many Corona-compliant alternative alternative came their rs .
&quot; We succeeded in spreading Rakoczy flair , &quot; says spa director Sylvie Thormann .
The guests would have accepted it well .
In principle , one returns to the beginnings of the Rakoczy festival , as as the historical historical focus focus festival festival festival .

Vesna Konhäuser has been visited always always KisKisKisKisFestival Kissingen for more than 25 years .
So this time Corona year .
The couple have made themselves at the Luitd d Casino , watching the the historwhile strolling and listens to the Cuban live music casino restaurant .
&quot; I think it so pleasant , &quot; says Konhäuser .
They do not miss the crowds that otherwise belong to Rakoczy .
But , lacks the usual program highlights , all halls ale burn on on Friday evening as well as the historic procade and that on Sunday evening .
&quot; That &apos;s a pity .
The weather would have been great this year , &quot; she says .
Rakoczy riding tournament again
For performers of the historical spa guests , the alternative program meant meant more work
For Christina Gold Christina Gold , who ates in the procession in a normal year and can be there on the carriage carriage .
This year she was on on in city city on Saturdays and Sundays .
&quot; It &apos;s more strenuous , otherwise we have ligheasier &quot; &quot; she .
The equestrian association had less to do when some were on the road in the park .
&quot; Very much hope that will take place again next year , &quot; says Chairman Ulrike Waldhofen .
She announced that after several several years of break break 2021 , a RakRakochorestrian tournament would also take place .
28 Corona cases in Spanish division Fuenlabrada
Spanish Spanish football division division CF Fuenlabrada rada is deeper deeper deeper deeper the crisis of a Corona outbreak .
Since the newcomer from Madrid had lown lown to the city city A A ña ña ña ña ña the the CorCorona Coron 20 ña , a low low follows the next
By Sunday , 28 players team members had been positive , one coming like the club .
Fuenlabrada from the city of the same name southwest southwest still had the chance chance to the aspromotion playoffs .
Now even even to egegto the B group of the second .
The match against La Coruña last Monday was cancelled at the last moment , the prosecutor investiginvestiginvestigating ating a possible against against public health , the supreme sports CSCSD is considering the forced egation of the club .
Players and other team members sit quarantine in a hotel .
&quot; Until the sixth day of quarquarine , they have not received a fresh towel and a gel , &quot; wrote the sports newspaper &quot; AS &quot; .
Photos show how players hung underwear and club clothing in their rooms in the hotel for hotel after they apparently had to wash them themselves .
The linen was also changed for five days .
One problem is the food .
Neither it it good nor sufficient , wrote &quot; AS &quot; .
The club stay , on the other hand , that you are satisfied with the hotel .
The club ation of deliberately JaJaJaTebas as lawyer , Jarejected Tebas Las as deliberrejected .
The Corona rules set the the Spanish set set by the football , , the the of the the of the the Spanish , JaJaca ca as , as the the news agency news press and the &quot; ca ca &quot; .
Before the departure , there had infected infected until 19 July , but of whom were isolated and and elled along .
Immediately before the flight on Monday to A Coruña , all and team members had been re-tested .
When the team was already in A Coruña , the Corona test was positive for &quot; five or six &quot; other team members .
The game was cancelled 60 minutes before the kick-off , Tebas Llanas .
Police must capture horses puln n at steam compartment
Two animals were on the road .
The police led her .
On Sunday morning , shortly before 6 o &apos;clock , a traffic user shared two free-running horses on the feeder eder the confluence of Donnersdorf / Steinsfeld and the motorway junction junction .
At the arrival of the officials , the horses were already again between the feeder and the village of Dampfach
After shortly before steam horses partment trust trust the the the shortly before the com, , each each rope rope in carried rope
Cyclilist Tony Martin : Career continuation imaginable
Timtrial specialist Martin thinks about a continuation of his career
Frankfurt / Main - Sevven-time time trial world champion Tony Martin can imagine continuing his cycling career .
&quot; I am currently the the framework conditions with the team and and in what form it could continue , &quot; said the 35-year-old of the &quot; Frankfurter Allgemeine Sonntagszeitung &quot; .
Martin is Dutch Dutch JumJumbo Visma and considered the Corona break break ending his career after this year .
Negotiations with his team are also about the number of race days , he .
Or other problems that would plague him as a family father , Martin .
He used to be after a fall , and the first thought was &quot; Fast back to the bike .
Today I think father of a little one : what if &quot; .
The cyclist sts that there are certainly aspects with he he is increasingly difficult .
&quot; But I was good to remember what the ona ona how I I enjoy cycling cycling on the fun ona time
The time trial specialist enters the competition at the Tour de l &apos;Ain ( 5 to 9 August ) .
Bavaria : At least four dead on Bavaria &apos;s streets on weekends
The beautiful weather attracts bikers on the streets in many places .
For at least three people , the tour ends motorcycle motorcycle ends fatmotorcycle .
A pedestrian also dies .
Schönthal - accidents on Bavaria &apos;s weekend several , mostly young people died .
An 18-year-old motorcyclist was captured by Saturday near Schönthal ( Cham ham ham ) by ) who to the counter track .
Why the car was the track track was initially untrack .
In Upper Bavaria , a 22-year-old colded with a hora hordrawn age on his machine on Saturday .
According to the police , he downhill on the way at Beilngries .
In a left turn he boashed against the carriage
were so heavy that he died at the scene of the accident .
Of the twelve inmates of the carriage , a man was heavy and a man slightly injured , like the police .
In another fatal accident , an 18-year-old died in Bad ötzting ting Upper Upper Upper Palatinate .
He had night on a street had night on a road and year-old a 42-year-old motorist .
According to the police , the 18-year-old wanted to sleep .
The driver no longer brake in time .
At Schönberg district Freyung-Grafenau ) , a 57 year ker ker in a a a car in a right in against bracar .
He died .
57-year-old driver suffered one , the remaining three people were uninjured
The motorcyclists were discussed on Saturday by Bavaria Minister Transport Minister Schreyer ( CSU ) .
In a letter to the organizer of the biker protests announced for August against driving bAugust , Gabor , the referred to extensive investments investments as to ardardthe defusing dangerous dangerous corners .
&quot; We have a lot for motorcyclists in recent years , &quot; said the letter .
&quot; The number of killed killed was around 28 in 2011 . .
Kovac tests with Monaco against Frankfurt
Frankfurt / ( dpa - For football coach Niko Kovac , there will soon be a reunion with Eintracht Frankfurt with his new Club AS Monaco .
The eight-time French champion will perform on HAugust ( 18.00 at the Hessen , the former Club Kroaten
For Bundesliga liga , it is and before the second leg in the Europa League against Basel ( 6 August ) .
Because of the Coronavirus pandemic , the encounter is held without spectators .
&quot; We are especially looking forward to this game .
It is always to come to Frankfurt and meet friends , &quot; Kovac ac .
Sporty , this is an interesting test , said the 48-year-old .
Prior to joining FC FC Bayern München , ovovac had the esse esse bis bis and victory in the DFB-Pokal .
&quot; A top-profile opponent like Monaco is a good test for us for the game against Basel .
Like all Frankfurt in , , I look forward to seeing you again with Niko Kovac , &quot; said Eintracht coach Adi Hütter .
50 year-old AustriAustrian had the succession of the Croat the Eintracht
In March , the Frankfurt lost lost the round round round first leg against Basel in their own in their own stadium .
Almost 50 new infections : Landkreis Hof knapp am
In the district of Hof , the number of new Corona new infections has increased increased on the weekend : from 39 on and 43 on Saturday ( one person recovered and does not fall into these statististatistics ) to 47 Sundays .
In addition , there is a case in the farm .
The Hof Hof Hof approaches the critical brand of 50 new infections per 100,000 inhabitants per week .
700 deaths due to monsoon raall in Southeast Asia
Of the severe floods in are more than 9 million , especially in , India and Nepal .
A total of 700 people were killed due a strong monsoon rain .
Bangladesh tries the Red Ccent cent boats to reach the isolated people .
Entire villages villages .
The farmers have lost their harvests .
Ared rhinos in National Park by landslides
In Kaziranga National Park , several of 120 120 tank ros by landslides .
are under protection and applicable as endangered by extinction .
This year , the floods are bad , which scientists are attriback to climate change .
According to the United Nations , Bangladesh is one of the most countries hit by global warming .
New empty
In the village of Cox &apos;s Bazaar in the south of has built apartments for 650 through the floods .
So far only only drawn
It is difficult people after Cox &apos;s Bazaar .
Also enthusiasm .
Anyone used used have house house , it was was so small and resemlike one , often does not want to spend their life in a large block of living .
Many apartments are empty , as the government government - soon soon to be be from those those who lost their house as a result of the floods .
60 Corona new infections in just one day in Vienna
Reported in 60 comparison in 60 Corona new infections - Lower Austria there infections 22 Lower Austria .
The Vienna essanitätsDirecktion Vienna and the crisis staff of the City of Vienna regularly inform the current case figures and other key figures on the Covi19 19 virus virus As of Sunday , 26 July 2020 , 8 00 a.m. , 4,840 ( + 60 ) ) have been confirmed in Vienna .
The number of associated to the virus is unchanged 204 .
4,090 ( + 48 ) persons have recovered .
22 new Coronavirus infections in Lower Austria
The number of coronavirus infections in Lower Austria rose rose 3,288 on Sunday .
A patient recovered according to the medical staff .
increases of genes increases to 2,936 .
Covid-19 currently currently had 247 patients .
147,253 tests were carried out .
105 people died in connection with lung disease .
Argentina rejects credicreditors
The new demands could not be met with the Ministry of Economy in Buenos Aires on Saturday .
&quot; This would be not only irresponsible , but also unjust , &quot; said statement statement .
&quot; While 50 percent of children live poverty live poverty , we can increase short-term profits from our creditors . &quot;
The debts of the second largest economy in South America is the current no longer viable .
This is why Argentina is on its its credicredito to of of receivables of around 66 billion US dollars ( around billions of euros ) .
If there is no reached , the country is once again threatened with state bankruptcy .
It would be the default in Argentine history .
Most recently , lenders had demanded higher higher rates on those and changes to some contract clauses .
The Argentine government is holding cking to its offer offer and is not ready make any further concessions .
Argentina is in a serious financial and economic crisis .
The last was 50 .
For the current experts experts expect around ten economic economic power around ten percent .
May Argentina did 3 pay US 3 3 million million 3 3 and and slislipped into default .
Arriarrived - private not yet
&quot; It &apos;s going well well &quot; - this conclusion Dr. by Dr. Kramer after her first days in the notary &apos;s ary in Eggenfelden .
Everything went very very : In mid-May May Dr. Stefanie Kramer learn that she will succeed Lutz at the Eggenfelden ariary Office
Already six later at the beginning of July the docdoctorate torate took work , normal daydayday business long long running on full tours
&quot; However , I have to arrive privately , &quot; explains in conversation with the Rottaler and laughs .
The short , the short of course not enough enough to the the focus of life from from Regensburg to Eggenfelden , reports the native one .
Currently , she is with husband , who is a a in the the court court Regensburg , is looking of a suitable apartment or a house in city .
her husband was still able to apply for ental leave leave leave short term in order to the care of the two daughters ( 3 ½ and 1 ½ years old ) .
In order not to have to commute every Regensburg from Regensburg , she has has overnight stay with her parents Dingolfing , the 39-year-old .
Growing up , the city of Eggengenden is of course familiar to her .
During visits visits with family in recent months , she has again discovered : Eggenfelden is a really nice small town &quot; .
She was all all the more pleased that she had the the for for the vacvacvacrace .
Her home Lower Bavaria also plays plays a central role in Dr. StefStefamer &apos;s professional professional After studying studying law in au au , she her her traeship hip and 2nd in Regensburg .
After several positions as a notary assess, , including Rehau and Hof in Upper Franconia , Babenhausen in the Unterallgäu and Regensburg - during this time she also also &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; docdoctorate - she took her first first notary in Rotthalthalster ster of Passau in 2012 .
In 2016 , she went on parental leave , and followed by the move to Regensburg .
Since then , has taken over representation services in various notariary offices
When the job in Eggenfelden was advertised because of the approaching retirement of Lutz Feller , she had the right time time for the full professional career career , explains the 39-year-old
The team essor predecpredec, who takes over the holiday in in , , , taken Dr. Dr. StefStefKrKramer and has a praise for the team of the firm firm : &quot; It is going superwell ! &quot;
The fact that it can rely on rerehearsed processes makes it easier to take care of the upcoming coming ation of the private point of food .
In terms of kindergarten or criativity places , it already has with local facilities .
And if everything works out , she hopes hopes be able to to pursue hobhobby here soon and and get to know the most beautiful jogging routes of the Rottal .
plans to have a maximum of 15,000 spectators
Dortmund The largest German football stadium in Dortmund will not even be filled at the start of the season in the event of a fan return .
&quot; Due to the distance control , which must be adherlied , , we are to to at 12,000 , &quot; said Borussia Dortmund &apos;s Carsten Cramer &quot; Tagesspiegel &quot; .
Ually , the arena of the district holds holds holds just than 81,000 spectators at Bundesliga matches .
In the ghost games season caused by the Corona pandemic , four million Vlost lost lost lost Vlost per game .
The ramramer , for BVB for , tiztiztizand alization alization alization that in addition addition to the normal normal t, , some of 4,4,4,4000 in the sector will will be be opened &quot; &quot; It is of course a blow into the office when revenue break completely completely . .
In view of the ongoing Corona crisis , everyone is currently &quot; well advised to take a stable side length &quot; .
&quot; If companies are not doing well and 6.8 people in Germany alone are in in Germany alone , then the need is limited to entertainment &quot; &quot; Cramer .
He praised the BVB professionals for their salary ary renunciation to contribute to the crisis crisis &quot; Of course course they know that their salary waihas has a different effect than we put 100 people work in merchandising on short-time work . &quot;
Tiny wonders : a few hundred
Hardly heavier than a packerof butter , just tablespopoof blood in his entire body : that was Gabriel when he was born - he weighed exactly 273 grams .
Bub is one of about 400 premature babies that are taken ed of at the Graz .
A quarter of them weis less than grams , one - like Gabriel and his brothers and Michael - are extreme weights with once a birth weight .
They are so small and born in such a way that neither lungs , intestines , nor muscles are complete .
Their skin is sometimes so delicate that they could hurt the electrodes of an ECG .
And are tiny that they sometimes wear doll clothing and mini diapers specially made for them .
But not so small that it were not in voice - &quot; and how &quot; , smiles Berndt Urlesberger
&quot; Even if of course they do not scream so louloud &quot; .
When the whiteboard becomes a stage
Despite theatre in the classclass: : 9th 9th of the the the St. St. St. AbAbtsmünmünmünexperienced as a before before the beginning of the holiday .
Actress Sylvester from the Theater der Stadt Aalen presented the &quot; students Heimat&quot; &quot; Heimatthe students - by video .
Afterwards , the students were able to share the piece and the with the actress and the Winfried .
The idea for the performance format was born from current situation ona situation .
Teacher Teresa Nar was happy about the lessons .
if at the end all participants agreed that the direct encounter in the theatre and stage space would still stimappeal , , the theater also sees the potential for contact contact the schools .
&quot; If we further improve the technical framework that will an interesting interesting to to , &quot; said director Winfried Tobias .
First round drawn : The TSV would meet Eintracht in the DFB-Pokal
qualify TSTSqualify for DFDFB-Pokal , lions meet Eintracht Frankfurt in the first round .
the draw .
Munich - Sixty possible opponent in the first DFB B als .
Meet the lions of a qualification at Eintracht Frankfurt .
This resulted in the draw on Sunday evening in the ARD Sports Show .
Because the field of participants is not yet complete complete to the Corona pandemcomplete , placeholders were part at the draw .
Due to the voluntary renunciation of semi-final opponMemmingen , TSTS1860 1860 already in the final of the Bavarian ( 4 or 5 September ) .
There the lions meet either the Würzburg Kickers or Viktoria Aschaffenburg .
Should the division division WürWürzburg this this , sixty would already be qualified for the first round .
Otherwise , the Giesinger would have to prevail in the final against regional alliist Aschaffenburg .
The round of the DFB-Pokal will take place between 11 and 14 September one week week the start of the third .
&quot; Blown &quot; : Film legend Olivia de Havilland is dead
Film legend and Oscar winner Olivia de Havilland is dead .
She died a natural death on Sunday in Paris at the age of 104 , confirmed her spokeswoman of the German Press Agency .
Her role as Melanie Hamilton Melanie Hamilton in &quot; Wind Wind Wind the Wind &quot; ( ) .
As a child of British parents in parents , Olivia Havilland moved to California as a toddler
The Austrian theatre man Max Reinhardt discovered that of the role of Hermia Shakespeare &apos;s Midsummer Night &apos;s Dream &quot; .
The film studio Warner Brothers signed her for seven and brought her big alongside Eroll .
She made shot heartbreaker .
In 1946 she won her first Oscar in the lead role of &quot; To His Own &quot; .
The film was under the &quot; Mother Heart &quot; .
Three years later , the award for Best Actress in William Wyler &apos;s &quot; The Heiress &quot; .
She was also received much recognition as a neurotic eccentric in &quot; The Dark Mirror and &quot; &quot; .
Daphne du Maurier proposed her in 1952 for leading role in the film adaptation of her novel &quot; Cousin Rachel &quot; .
The play became a success .
With played longtime girlfriend BetDavis Davis she played in &quot; Lullaby for a corpse &quot; .
His marriage to the writer Marcus Goodrich ( 1946 to 1953 ) 1946 his son Benjamin .
In Paris , de Havilland married journalist Pierre Paul Galante and had his daughter Gisèle with him .
marriage .
Rumors of an affair with former British Prime Minister Edward Heath were never confirmed .
&quot; Road to Timmendorf &quot; : Beach volleyball : Thole / Wickler Final at Comeback
World Cup II Julius Thole and Clemens Wickler missed the final at the beach volleyball tournament &quot; Road to Timmendorf &quot; .
At the meeting of the top teams in Düsseldorf , they defeated in the semials als to their national team colleagues Nils Ehlers and Flüggen with : 2 ( 17 : 21 , : 17 , 21 ) .
Thole / winicklplayed played at the World Tour Final in Rome in September .
In the final on the Rhine , their conquerers / Flüggen surprise team Lukas Pfretschner and his interim partner van de Velde suffered a defeat with 2 ( 17 : 21 17 : 21 ) .
In addition to the show tournament three played for German championchampionships in immendorendorSeptember in immimmendorfer Strand : tickets tickets were secured by Armin Dollinger / Simon Kulzer , HarHarms Richard Richard Peemüller and Simon fretschtschner / Milan Siesecured
Calf itz ejection from AfD confirmed - FDP speaks of fig leaf
From the sion of Andreas KalbP , the Afsion sion Andreas Kalbitz from AfAfD is only a fig fig leaf &quot; and does not change the character of the party .
&quot; The AfD is the parliamentary arm of the right-wing extremists in Germany .
Kalbitz is only part of the tip of icicberg berg of radicals in the AfAf, &quot; said said FDP P politician Benjamin Strasser of the dpa in Berlin .
the AfD had confirmed the expsion sion Kalbon on in Stuttgart Stuttgart Stuttgart sion of of b, , which which Executive had had had decided in May .
is chairman of the AfD parliamentary group in the Brandenburger Landtag .
&quot; If the AfD really really about right-wing wing extremextremists from their party , Björn Höcke and his long would have been expelled &quot; , Strasser .
However , there is no political will for this in the AfD , because right-wing extremism now now a party . &quot;
CSU General Markus Markus said said simil: : &quot; The fact that Andreas KalKalitz itz now excluded does does says nothing , , &quot; he told the &quot; World on Sunday &quot; .
&quot; Rather , there are volumes of how many frensupsupporters a right-wing extremist still has in the middle of the AfD . &quot;
Blume assumes the AfD will land again five five percent five elections in the future .
The days of the AfD in the parliaments are numbered &quot; .
Kalbitz was one of the spokesmen of the now dissolved &quot; wing wing around ThurThurian ian AfD group group chairman Björn ; the VerfassungsConstitution classifies the the onint as &quot; secured right-wing extremist aspiration &quot; .
In May , the AfD federal board Kalbitz thrown out of the party .
As reason reason he stated stated Kalbitz had not not in his an membership membership in the now bannbidden far-right &quot; German Youth &quot; ( HDJ ) and among the Republicans .
Kalbitz denies membership .
The chairman chairman left group in the Brandenburg tag tag Sebastian Walter , , the decision of the Federal ArbArbration ration , does not change the AfAfAf: &quot; The wolwolhas eaten only chalk .
The AfD remains a far-right party , whether with or without calbitz &quot; .
The decision would neither the federal party nor the right wing .
&quot; the Meuen troupe .
One wants to escape further observation by the Verfassungsschutz and to get through under the radar , Walter Walter .
&quot; The AfD did not release the spirits , she out .
Disjection does not change change , &quot; commented the BrandenSPD SPD SPD retarGeneral General decision in the Kalbitz itz .
&quot; Here the AfD association association kept the faction faction its right-wing leader . &quot;
The legal dispute over Kalbitz &apos;s membership in the AfD will continue
He announced on Saturday that he would take action against those of the Federal Arbitration Court .
North Sea wind farms deliver 21 percent more electricity
The wind plants plants months German 11.11.51 terawatwathours of electricity into the grid in the first six months the months .
This is a good 21 percent more than in the same period of the previous year , the network operator operator BayBayreuth
Tennet is responsible for the transfer of the North Sea electricity to the mainland and the forwarding through the German electricity grid .
The wind turbines on the Baltic Sea , which are not part of Tennet net network area , have another 2.22 terawatt hours ( TWh of electricity .
Overall , wind wind from from North North and Baltic Baltic Sea to 13.73 TWh , compared to a good 11.64 TWh in the first half of 2019 .
The wind harvest at sea thus accounts for almost 19 percent of the total wind current in Germany ; which is about four more than a year ago .
New wind farms ensure higher generation capacities
The increased contribution of offshore wind energy has wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind wind farms farms wind grid over the past twelve months .
If the 1270 wind power plants in the North Sea were all full of power at the same time , they could generate 6.7 7 electricity .
The transmission capacity is sufficient for this ; according to Tennet , it is 7.1 gigawatnet .
It is expected to 17 17 gig17 gigts watGerman .
&quot; In Germany and the Netherlands , we are investing up to 20 euros in the expansion of offshore network connections , said Tennet Managing Director Meyerjürgens .
In reality , wind farms cannot not capacity at sea , but reach 40 percent .
The previous record day this year is January January , when the North Sea wind farms generated more than six gigawatts of electricity .
On average , the approximately 2.5 to 3.0 gigawatts of electricity , which corresponds to three to four nuclear power plants .
Thus could make almost seven million with electricity .
Art &quot; Skirmish &quot; - an exhibition by Leipzig artist Christian Bold in the gallery of the Gmünder Kunstverein .
This was almost a small anniversary celebration for the 130 .
Birthmünof the Kunstmünder Kunstverein : The &quot; Skirmish &quot; with works by the Leipzig artist Bold blew up the usual setting after the Corona break .
Much more than usual followed the between artist and that of the Kunstverein , Dr. Ripper .
The musical equivalent was provided by the band &quot; Defenders of the Universe &quot; on the southern Kornhausplatz .
North of the gallery is the &quot; Sandtogether &quot; .
: cancelled because of Corona
The Windberg festival does not take place this year .
The city of Freital cancelled the three-day festival planned in September .
In other years , more than 30,000 people had attended this city festival .
&quot; We truly did not make it for for decision decision - in of how difficult it is is for the involved - hoped until the last minute minute , Lord Mayor Uwe Rumberg ( partisan ) .
But ultimately we as organizers are responsible for the health of many thousands of people . &quot;
If tens of thousands had fto the the grounds and into marquee , minimum distances , hygiene regulations could not have been contact contact in accordance with the current Coronaschprotection regulation .
Or the restrictions would have been so strong that there would not have much left for a folk festival .
In addition , the organizational and monitoring effort would increase disproportionincrease many times over .
Rumberg comforted next year .
The the city FreiFreital celebcelebits 100th anniversary with the WinterbergFestival from 7 to 9 May 2021 and the Saxony from 10 to September 2021 .
Dressage Olympic champion Werth in Achleiten not to beat
Achleiten - six-Olympic champion Isabell Werth was an outstanding rider at the dressage tournament in Achleiten , Austria .
The 51-year-old from Rheinberg made four four four starts on the weekend .
After she had one Prix with Weihegegold and antaz , she she could unbebe beat on Sunday in the Grand Prix Special and in the freestyle .
the 15-year-old mare Weihegold prevailed clearly on Sunday Austrian Victoria Max-Austrian urer Max-Thebegglen begSunday len .
In the freestyle , too , the Germans were on Quantaantaclearly clearly front of their 34-year-old student .
Werth &apos;s winning horse Quantaz belongs to Max-Theurer .
The most successful dressage rider world is to be the ten-year-old in the Grand Prix .
For Quantaz , it was the first freestyle ever .
Already at the first tournament in three weeks ago , Werth had all the important four exams .
The last of the three international tournaments is planned for 14 to 16 August .
More air traffic controllers in Worms in the future
Worms University continues into the air : DFS Deutsche FlugFlugsicherung creates a professorship for &quot; Air Traffic Management &quot; .
A corresponding contract between the university and the DFS has now been signed in Worms .
The contract was signed for three years and starts in 2021 .
With the professorship , it is possible to enable the start of study not only in the summer , but also in the winter semester .
This means that twice as many students can be trained as before .
the capacities are both evzed S both are and DFzed .
DFS will advise the university on the establishment and appointment of the professorship .
Represented at the university since 2019
Since the summer semester 2019 , the first framework of her training as air traffic controller controller at Worms University of Applied ms in the Air Traffic Air Traffic Management .
Nine students nine already started this year
the experiences of DFS are very positive , the achievements of the students are outstanding .
The combination of study and pilot training contributes significantly to further increasing that of the pilot profession .
&quot; In these , this economically is not easy for us .
However , we expect expect air traffic to recover and grow grow in the long term .
In order to be able to continue our legal legal in the future , we need high , &quot; says Professor KlausKlausDieter Scheurle , , Managing Director of DFS at the contract .
&quot; For DFS , the endowed professorship is an investment that will provide air traffic controllers with broad broad , interdisciplinary knowledge base in the long term .
We therefore continue good cooperation with the university and at the same time underpin our attractiveness as an employer .
This is also lined by Professor Dr. Jens Hermsms, , of Worms University University of Applied Sciences : &quot; This forms an important bridge between science and .
We would like to build on the existing cooperation with DFS Deutsche Flugsicherung as a partner partner for dual bachelor &apos;s programme in Air Traffic Management . &quot;
For Worms ms ms University Applied Sciences , the trust German German German traffic control is a motivation and commitment to further expand their teaching research expertise in the future fields of air transport .
In use to the air traffic controllers of tomorrow university with the first owed owed professorship dual study course very highlights highlights set innovative priorities for students .
Dr. Denis , Ministry of Science , Continuing Education and Culture , emphasises : Worms University of Applied Sciences has a unique selling transport a a selling selling of inate atfocus on attransport .
Today &apos;s signing of the cooperation agreement strengthens the university &apos;s profile .
Rescue screwdriver lands on the A 45
The 30 minutes motorway was 45 45 closed 30 minutes on Saturday afternoon afternoon Aschaffenburg about 30 enburg , as after one of the rescue helicopters was in operation .
A 76-year-old drove straight Ford straight Ford at 12.40 ve ve in the the 12.of the ve and landed on the guardrail .
Due to the impact , the front the bags triggered , the driver suffered minor injuries on the face and had to be taken a hospital for treatment .
The 72-year-old year-old were were emergency emergency emergency and the patient was flown to a hospital .
At present , however , the police assume assume that there is a risk of life .
The damaged vehicle , on which one of about 2000 euros had had to be built .
Check by by meat industry
This brought to the conditions in the meat industry .
Strengtening of the law are imminent
But are they right - and will so ?
Federal Labour Minister Hubertus ( SPD also wants to review industries according to the strict regulations against grievances in the meat industry .
&quot; We will look at industry industry industry industry and measures measures for the respective industry if necessary &quot; HeiHeil der Deutschen in Berlin .
Germany is already warn against restricting factory contracts in general .
After the Corona eruption at the meat giant Tönnies in , the Federal Cabinet wants to pass a law of Heil this Wednesday .
Large slaughterters should no longer allowed to to loy external personnel for slaughter , dismantling and meat processing .
To this end , the use of factory contract and temporary workers is to be banned there .
Employer President Kramer said : &quot; Finger ers away from a general and employee if if you want to completely le le the economy &quot; .
For contracts are , example , the the basis basis for their customer , for areas areas of construction , the construction industry and plant construction .
&quot; The misgressions of individuals cannot destroy such an important instrument . .
insured : The goal is not to ban everywhere in the German economy &quot; .
Work contracts make sense .
When an industrial company orders a craftsman to install a safety system , this is a normal factory contract . &quot;
The German meat industry considers a ban on and alone unconstitutional
It statement statement why why Neue snsnsnsnsnsner er ) in future future than saussaus, , in a statement on how the &quot; Neue Osnabrücker Zeitung ( ) reports .
For one , the consumer price would be by 10 to 20 percent kilos and
In many cases Eastern European from factory contraccompanies in according according hours hours day of of the NRW W occupoccupand and Administration W 16 hours a day .
they had no break .
Wages was withtained for protective equipment or rent .
It was also noted that the situation in the accommodation of workers was often miserable .
Heil said that a sharp law had already into into force for the meat industry in 2017 .
But &quot; tricky constructions &quot; were bbtions &quot; .
&quot; must be cleaned cleaned &quot; .
The politician : &quot; Occupational health and and , , which to to at at the end of July July that that not only affect the meat industry - for example , higher higher rates occupoccupational safety or clear criteria for shelaccommodation &quot; .
The draft presented the dpa pa amendments to the Act on the uring of Workers &apos; Rights in the MeMeIndustry and the Occupational Safety and Safety Act .
Brandenburg &apos;s Consumer Protection Minister Ursula Nonnemacher ( ) considers more intensive controls .
&quot; I would like to be able able to more more more in many many visory areas : food controls , animal welfare , , animal animal transport , &quot; said onnonnemacher in the RBB programme &quot; Brandenburg aktuell &quot; .
But more controls also require HR positions
Three dead ultrultralight crash in Germany
According to the police , an people three plane on an an an in an ultralight in an an e-e-in in state RhinRhinRhinRhine-Westphalia .
One child was injured .
Two more people were rescued in the accident , one of the Wesel .
According to the police , a parachute ute ute found at the site of the accident .
The &quot; Rheinische Post &quot; reported aled to eyewitnesses nesses this colcolded with a hot air balloon before before crash .
The house is single or two-family house .
No details were unknown .
from Frankfurter Opernplatz
One week after the in Frankfurt also the evication of the night Sunday peaceful
Finally a few dozen on the square , him before the start of the curfew at 1 o &apos;clock .
Police had been in use since the evening evening with , , a larger police police was seen entire entire area .
For the first time this weekend , midmidnight there a ban ban for for the opera , , where it was riots week week .
Policemen had been attacked with bottles crowd of crowd crowd of celebrations .
At least five officers were injured after police police , several police vehicles were damaged .
The night was quiet .
Car striover over : Young woman seriously injured in an accident on Bundesstraße 83 at Hofgeismar
In an accident between Schöneberg and Hümme , a 21-year-old suffered injuries injuries on Sunday at around : 25 p.m .
She was taken to the Klinikum Kassel .
With thermal imaging cameras , the fire brigade was looking for possible passengers .
According to the police , the woman was on the 83 83 her her of HüHümme , when her car car ununununexplained and fell over several times .
In order to save the accident , the fire brigade had to cut cut the roof of roof .
Since it was unclear whether it was still in the vehicle , the adjacent corn field searched from the rotary ladder with a thermal imaging camera .
The drone squad, which also works with thermal imaging cameras , was also been ordered for search search .
However , the volunteers found find anyone between the high corn plants .
The seriously injured was taken to the Kassel bulance to the Kassel bulance for further ance .
50 volunteers of the fire brigade Hofgeismar , Hümme and were on site .
The federal road was closed for hours due to the accident
Juventus Champion in Italy
Turin - After a redemping goal by Cristiano Ronaldo , record champion Juventus secured the Italian championship for the ninth time ninth row .
The five-time world football players made the 3636Scudetdetto the club &apos;s history with with a 2-0 ( 1 : 0 ) on Sunday evening in the home game Sampdoria Genoa .
Ronaldo scored 1 – 0 before the half .
With 83 points , Turin is without without the the the of days the the of of of of of of of without without without the the injured national player Sami Khedira .
The table width Inter Milan is seven behind .
Juventus was harmless despite first first periin in the first half then RonRondo met after a free kick variant of the last action .
One of the 35-5-year-old of the penalty border with one ( 45th + 7 .
Ronthe more was also guests , Ronaldo was also involved in 2 – 0 , after his shot Federico Bernardardesch( ( th ) ) du) .
This ensured the lackamless but decisive success .
The fouloul meter shot to the bar bar minute 9th minute minute minute have only only Ronaldo himself with a view the the scjee rating .
&quot; It is complicated to stay mentally and physically at ball level for 90 minutes .
The games are strange , and momentum changes very slightly , &quot; coach MauriMaurizio after Udinese Udinese Calcio .
Before the mental exhaustion of his is great , said the juve coach
Due to the defeat , the Turin were still able to do the championship perfectly .
Juve end , the the caluring uring at the the of the the due to the weakness of the competitors .
In the eleven games before the match on Sunday , the Sist-team were only five victories .
Whether Ronaldo also becomes top scorer is questionable .
While the Portuguese superstar has scored 31 goals so far , the former CirCiro Immobile has 34 34 34 his his his his pack pack pack the : : 1 1 1 1 ) ) ) zio zio zio zio zio zio Verona the HellVerona Verona Verona as as wandwandowski contributed title title of FC Bayern .
This is held by the current juve professional Gonzalo Higuaín .
The Argentine scored 36 goals at SSC Naples in the 2015 – 2016 season .
In August on &quot; Old Lady &quot; of Italian football the next title chance .
Juventus is in the round of 16 of the Champions League has to to for a 0 0 leg on on Olympique Lyon on 7 August to reach the final tournament in Lisbon .
In the next Real Real Madrid or Manchester City opponents opponwait .
Baden-Württemberg : Over 250 illegal
Stuttgart - All threatened penalties and to ists ists ists on countless illegal races on the Baden-Württemberg Baden-Württemberg streets : Last year the first four months of this year , the police in the southwest have already registered more than 250 illegal car races .
Although are are comparcomparfor for , , the the vers vers are are increasingly judicial judicial judicial : the prosecprosecprosecors ors KonKonKonMannheim Mannheim Mannheim conducted conducted total total 155 investigations investigations illegal illegal illegal illegal year , year year later it were already 252 and in the current year until the beginning June June early 151 .
The races are less organized organized events , as can be seen from the Ministry Ministry Interior &apos;s Interior to a request from the Landtag PD .
In most cases , the drivers competed eted other other or they flfled the police police , this is as an illegal race .
German men between the age of 18 and 60 were aged at the wheel .
113 fines - imprisonention
in comparatively few cases , the breaare caught caught and also are asked asked : to to the Ministry of Interior Interior , a total of 113 113 been imposed 2018 2018 and 15 sentences sentences sentences pronounced .
However , there is no evidence that the illegal car races actually increasing .
Rather , more of the tragic gic accitraand traof past years more than than years and indicated , said spokesman for erial said .
Again and again motorists are brake out there in order to get themselves and use the free track for a race .
Last August , a dozen drivers were caught near Kirchheim under Teck , three months earlier there were even 18 riders at the at Merklingen .
A81 is most popular &quot; race track &quot;
On the A81 registered even more races than other federal highway .
A speed limit is to to slow down the the vers on on the particularly section section between rowand and Geisinging .
The mostly high-priced and pued sports sports and luxury cars have Swiss Swiss plates , , to to to wn to Germany Germany because the the penpenalties for fast fast driving car racing racing in neighboring country
For the SPD , the speed limit must not be reduced to a few routes : &quot; With a speed limit of kilometers of hour , we would would this problem problem motormotor, , &quot; Martin Martin Rivovoof the transport SPD SPD parliamentary group
&quot; That for be much er would be significantly if if you ouldn not be legally legally and and there with kilometers of hour and more &quot; &quot;
Rivoir thinks less of enlighment ment or image campaigns : &quot; hoever ever disin in such a way and puts puts their own own , but also that of other road users , hardly hardly accessible with reason &quot; .
ADAC calls for stronger cracking of the
On the other hand , this is enough enough for ADAD: &quot; We expect that that ers will eter eter the the speed , &quot; says HolHolBach Bach Head of Transport Transport and Environment at ADAC Württemberg
additional and harder controls on the affected routes
Not infrequently , the the of of becomes painpainpainand and ous ousness January January 2019 2019 April 2020 , three three died died the races races races , including two two uninvolved in a crash of Stuttgart city center and one in Gerlingen .
two young men are said to have delivered an car race in November .
One of the vehicles came off the road , boashed one and and , , the 18-year-old passenger died .
21 other people have been injured in the races of the past two years .
In , according of Interior of Interior Interior , , , penpenpenpenpennot : &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; need action action action sancillegal illegal illegal vehicle vehicle harer is not seen seen , &quot; says the paper of the Ministry of the Interior .
Blue light of July 23 : Thirsty burlarar steals drinks
Rohrdorf : A man broke into a snack on Thursday RohrRohrdorf Calw w w Thursday and has drinks and stolen .
A witness heard around clock sounds in Talstraße ran towards the snack .
There he noticed a man who was the the fridge with drinks and snsnack ack through a previously inserted entrance door .
The perpetrator fled in the direction of the meadows .
According to the police , the burgglar also used in checkout and stole cash in the low three-digit area .
The suspect is described as follows : is about 1.75 to 1.80 meters in size and of strong stature .
he wore a black hoodie , black trousers and bright shoes .
The police accept further evidence .
Jint at Sibiu Tour
Cycylist list cal cal ckerckermann won his second victory of the day on the final stage of the 10th Sibiu .
The 26-year-old from BorBorhansansgrohe ailailed on the 109 kilometometer long the start and finish in in bibiin the mass sprint , he had already won won one stage .
It the three and four Ackermann .
In the overall standings , his Austrian team companate Gregor Mühlberger prevailed .
The 26-year-old had confidently decided the mountain mountain trial in the morning and thus took over the top in the class .
104 drivers riders to the final stage in the evening .
No less than starters had fallen victim to the time limit in the mountain time trial .
&quot; I &apos;m really happy to start the season restart of a victory , &quot; had explained after his success .
&quot; The sprint was really hectic , &quot; said the 26-year-old
300 meters of the goal simply put on his &quot; and it has also worked perfectly &quot; .
According to the rules World Association UCAssociation , a Corona test was carried out for all race participants and their companions six days before the start of the race .
of the complete tour , drivers and in isolated hygiene hygiene bles were separated from the organizing team as well as from the media
Vieectators at the start and finish were not admitted .
Control center gave instruction on amateur resuscitation
Düsseldorf Tragic accident on Sunday afternoon in Düsseldorf-Garath .
an apartment house , a child ( 4 ) was lifeless in the water while bathing .
According to the fire brigade , the emergency call at shortly before 13 o &apos;.
&quot; immediately gave instructions on amateur resuscitation , a fifirefade ade man to BILD .
The arriving rescue rescue took took over over .
The child floating child was transported to the university hospital .
Why it is unclear .
The police routinely started the investigation into the course of the accident .
The fibriighade man : &quot; We We from tragic gic accident in apartment &quot; .
Nuremberg : Unapproved - police intervene , 700 vehicles and around 1100 people
Hundreds of cars and temporarily over 1000 people took part in a tuning on Saturday night &quot; in the parking lot of a furniture store .
The police ordered her to control such events .
A large tuning meeting came on Saturday evening ( 25 July ) in Südstadt .
Several hundred vehicles were involved .
According to the Middle FranFranconia , an 22.30 30 , , an an an increased increased of in in the area of one in Ingolstädter Straße .
the police carried out a large number of vehicle controls there
Only recently , the police had announced that autautopers ers wanted wanted to take action .
Illegal tuning meeting in Nuremberg : Only small part from the &quot; scene &quot;
The iciwere the top top vehicles 700 vehicles and about 100 100 people .
Only a small part of this can be buted to the &quot; autopopers &quot; and tuning scene .
Apparently , most of the relevant scene responded with the police appeal .
On the basis of the vehicles and people on site , it could be assumed that these were mostly onlookers .
In addition , the majority of those adheradhered the applicable infection protection regulations , the compliance with the minimum distance and wearing wearing a mouth nose protection .
The on-site control measures ended at 1 : 00 p.m .
In total , the officials in 10 vehicles changes in 10 changes that the operating permit had expired .
Four of these vehicles had to be secured .
No car races
There were no illegal car races .
&quot; The Central headquarters FranCentral frania will keep an eye on the events and will to carry out increased control measures , also in connection with the advent of onlookers . &quot;
The agency News5 said Jürgen Schrödinger inger the towtowcompany company : &quot; We have have beautiful , we not not , says Schrödinger .
Special tapes would be used for this purpose .
Even the cars are be wider , the company must be careful not to make any .
&quot; Young should get their cars back without scathed .
Figures Employment agency : 900 susppiccases of abuse of short-time work
Berlin - According to its statement BA , Federal Federal Employment BA BA ) investigsome 900 900 suspsuspof of abuse the short-short-worker allowance .
&quot; This is extremely little for more than 880,000 companies that have have short-time work , &quot; said Daniel Terzenbach Daniel Terzenbach for the &quot; Allgemeine Zeitung .
When many companies had short-short-time at at the beginning of the Corona , BA BA had to react quickly .
Usually the exam lasts to three weeks .
&quot; So time was available to us at this hot phase .
We we will look final final accounts .
There will certainly be some more happen .
We are not naive and have a long breath &quot; .
Indications of abuse would often come from affected employees or trade unions .
In addition , use BA BA analysis software to detect abuse patterns .
According to Terzenbach , the BA is preparing for a possible insolvency wave in autumn .
&quot; Will there be significantly more insolvencies than in the previous year ?
The assessments differ , but we are ourselves ourselves the case of the case and already already training our employees in the for of applications . &quot;
The figures are still inconspicuous , TerTerenbach enbach .
World Heritage in Potsdam : Party in solved in the disGarden
Potsdam - On Friday evening about 40 young people celebrated a party in the New Garden .
The collection was dissolved at clock by the district driver Stiftung Preußische Schlösser und Gardens ( SPSG ) , Foundation announced at PNN request .
They left the park .
On Saturday evening , some young people would have played rugby in the New Garden .
The meadow was cleared by by drivers , said SPSG spokesman Frank on Sunday
Again and again there are illegal in the parks
In the repeatedly , there are accumulations in in the the and and hygiene 9 9 9 9 9 9 ance ance are not complied with .
At the end of June there was a a with with people in Babelsberg Park , a week later about people celebrated in the New Garden .
Even without a coron arrangement , the parks are closed at nightfall .
According on the meadows is prohibited according methe is regulations , there are few exceptions .
For a long time , the foundation has been complaining that visitors would always leave garbage and destroy protected biotopes .
Meanwhile , , Berlin , illegal park parties have a dimension .
In the Hasenheide in the district of Neukölln , 5,000 people celebrated an illegal techno party on night to Sunday
The event was dissolved by the police .
Austria : Mass tests in tourist resort
With undreds , responhave responhundreds to one in the popular Wolfgang
The number of confirmed cases increased 48 like the state authorities in Linz .
More than results were pending in the evening .
Accordingly , many of the young people in tourism companies , but at least least holiday guest , are positively tested .
Inhabitants Guests and tourism staff were asked to stay in their on Saturday night .
The curfew was set at the clock .
&quot; There are cancellations cancellellations cancellings there and there , said the head of the Tourist Board , Hans Wieser , the dpa .
They also left prematurely .
St. Wolfgang is the most important tourist resort in Upper Austria , with more than 400,000 overnight stays a year .
In a normal one , about a third of the guests are Germans
On Friday , the first infections had become publicly known .
The head of the district authority , Alois Lanz , defended on Saturday the behavior interns interns who had celebrated in several and might have infected there .
&quot; We all did that in our youth , &quot; said said .
However , two bars were closed on Friday to prevent further infections .
The Tourist Board launched an information campaign to raise young awareness of the dangers of Covid-19 .
From Saturday , hundreds of employees , locals were tested .
In addition , all guests who were in St. Wolfgang from Wolfgang were contacted .
The eruption evokes memories of the Austrian ski and party resort of Ischgl in Tyrol , which was the initial phase of the Corof spread throughout Europe ona the throughout Europe .
In Austria , more than 1,500 people are currently infected with the virus .
new infections include Vienna and
Premier League : Man United and Chelsea qualified for Champions League
( dpa ) - English football record champion Manchester United returned to the Champions League after a year of absence .
Red Devils secured third third place the the League League League League League a 0 0 0 0 0 ) a direct 0 tor Leicester City .
The foxes must now settsettle the Europa Europa League because the FC FC passed by and qualified qualified fourth fourth qualified prepreer class .
In the fight against the desation , Aston Villa was allowed to cheer .
Manchester took the lead by a penalty ick ick Bruno ( 71st minute ) .
a red card for Leicester City in the extra season hit Lingard ( 90. + 8 ) to the final score .
Chelsea , Champions League round of 16 Bayern Bayern Bayern defeated WolWolverampton ampton – WolverververWanderers thanks MMason Mount + + ) OliOlivier vier ( th + 4 ) .
&quot; That Frank told a lot coach coach Frank , who in his first season as ChelChelcoach coach also final of the FA Cup against Arsenal .
Tottenham Hotspur also benefited from ham ham Wolverhampton , who passing the WolWolves a a ager 1 1 ( 1 0 ) Crystal Crystal Palace and finished sixth in the Europa League .
Aston Villa decided the long-duel el Watford ford ford ournournemouth , but had to tremble West class at for a Hat West a long United .
The late leadership of Jack Grealish ( 84th immediately AndreAndrey Yarmolenko ( 85th ) .
The 1 : 1 ( 0 : ) was enough because Watford was 2 : 3 ( 1 : 3 ) at Arsenal
The club , which the three coaches in the season , relrelegafter five years of the years .
Exactly Bournemouth , who could not save himself by a 3 : 1 ( 2 : 1 ) at Everton .
At the end a point
Liverpool , , has been been English champion since the end of June June secured with with Newcastle 1 ( 1 : 1 ) at Newcastle United .
99 counters are the value the Reds have ever achieved in one .
Coach Jürgen Klopp and his team missed missed the football record
Manchester City holds its record with 100 points of the 2017 – 18 season .
After the first minute , Virgil van Dijk ( 38th ) , Divock Origi ( 59th ) and Sadio Mané ( 8th ) played the game for Sunday on Sunday .
&quot; It was an extraordinary season for this extraordinary club , &quot; van van jk jk after the game , &quot; that should encourage us to defend the title .
It gets hard . &quot;
In the end , the Premier League bosses ses also satisfied in be satisfied .
the Coronavirus crisis was interrupted in England from 13 to 17 June .
In the meantime , even prepredemotion tion or an or of the of the games on the ground was discussed .
After all , the season could be played without a special - - but as in Germany without spectators in the stadiums .
Arrests and violence in demonstrations against Netanyahu
The protests in Israel against Prime anyNetanyahahare becoming more violent .
During the night there were violent clashes .
The Israeli police took the Israeli in in against against against against NetNetanyu Benjamin Benjamin Netanyahu .
Twelve people were arrested for participating in riots , police spokesman man ickickRosenRosenfeld .
The police put other water cannons , the rally .
On Saturday evening , around 6,000 people gathered near Netanyahu u &apos;s evening .
They protested , corruption and Netanyahu &apos;s handling with the Corona crisis .
The protesters beat drums , , horns , and called on Netanyahu to resign .
One news arrested NetanyNetanyaharrested , the news news reported &quot; ynet &quot; .
Many other places in Israel also demonstrated people , including in front of the head of government &apos;s private villa in the coastal town of Caesarea and in a park in Tel Aviv .
A man after arrested near Tel Aviv because there is suspicion of having sprapepper spray spray protprotspray on protators .
A man was arrested after a stabbing attack on a demonstrator in the south of the .
The protator was slightly injured in the neck .
In Jerusalem and Tel there have been been several demonstrations against Netanyahu .
The alliallies accompany the corruption process .
Most recently , Netanyahu was also criticized for its handling of the Corona crisis .
Among other things , he other things prepreloosening and a lack of a second corona wave .
The Corona crisis has increased hard on the country &apos;s economy .
The unemployment rate was more than 20 percent .
The number of new infections for the coronavirus in Israel has recently en to ever new record levels .
Accident at Ahlen ( NRW ) - Transporter crashes auf car - nine injured - Ruhr gebiet - Bild.de
Ahlen - A rear-ar-collision on nine light injuries on the afternoon at the Ahlen near Ahlen .
A motorist was with her children ( 3 , 5 ) towards Beckum .
Police &quot; Probably she suddenly slowed down because she wanted to turn . &quot;
The driver of a Mercedes transporter behind her must have seen this too late .
He crashed on the back of the car
In the accident , three occupants were injured car the car in the transporter transporter .
Several ambulances sent her to an surrounding hospital .
North Korea locks border town after Corona susppicion
North Korea has so seen seen success in in its own to to defend the Coravirus us .
Now the country reports on one for the first time .
Due to the first official ona susppicion in the country , North Korea has completely aled aled aled city city for fear of a disaster .
Despite the strictest epidemiological defensive measures over the past six months , the malignant virus may have been introduced into the country &quot; , the state media .
The state of emergency was imposed imposed around the border town of Kaesong .
The communist leadership is the highest .
Should the susppicconfirmed , it would be the first official infection case with Sars-CoV-2 in the isolated country .
North Korea had not yet registered a single infection and described its defensive as a &quot; luminous success &quot; .
The information was doubted abroad .
The symptoms were reportedly found in a &quot; &quot; &quot; crossed military demarcation line between South North Korea on July 19 .
The person had ed to South Korea three years ago had now returned the border .
There was initially no confirmation South South Korea for the crossing crossing within within four four re wide and largely mined from South Korea .
According to reports military the national news agency onp p agency South Korea Korea military military admitted the possibility of an illegal border crossing to North Korea as high .
Studies on some people
North Korea &apos;s its own on on on the the the ion ion ion an an meeting by the Polito o o of ong U, chaired by ruler Kim Jong Un .
The &quot; dangerous situation in Kaesong could trigger a deadly and destructive catastrophe .
Kim had already ordered on Friday as a preventive measure measure &quot; completely Kaesong completely to and ate ate district and and region from from &quot; , it continues .
The affected concerned and all people in Kaesong who had contact with her were quarantined .
The central of the party party therefore investigate the &quot; &quot; out&quot; &quot; &quot; the the of the responsible responsible unit and , if necessary , impose harsh punishment .
It is estimated to about 300,000 people .
City y-East City-East and noise protection are still discussion before summer break
&quot; In addition to environmental issues , committee members will also vote on the development plan for the major project InnenstensttOst Ost Ost , &quot; says the the section of the the press press release the municipal council meeting on Tuesday , 28 July , at 4.30 p.m. in the Great Hall of the Pforzheim .
Especially the eastern city controversial until the end .
The majorities for this are scarce , most in in even depending on the presence .
Project opponent Reinhard Klein Klein ticitician appeal appeal from ( ( ( estate estate , and and IT IT IT the the the the the the the from then then then administration administration administration and failed failed failed fail after ten years years preparation preparation as as &quot; extra-parliamentary opposition &quot; &quot; &quot; , &quot; speculation &quot; , &quot; igand ination and deliberate false statements &quot; .
&quot; Everyone , know it &quot; , who has been member of municipal council council for a year as the only representative of the citizens &apos; list Pforzlist .
In fact , after the contracts in this is , &quot; I know what I am talking about &quot; .
The exit of the city cheaper cheaper cheaper Technical Technical hall is contrary contrary contrary statements statements the the city administration , whose existence existence Klein is convinced for 8.5 million euros .
It will develop differently than one in in the town hall and by the supates from the economy .
To ing the city own own and not not investinvestor : plan plan B. One day after , FDFDFD/ F/ UB / LED LED ction , which also rejects the project , an alternative concept .
It also provides for the renovation of the town hall , the the closure of of the the of of the former for administrative administrative and and smsmall-inner interior interior ideally with local local carriers
Environmental issues
In addition , environmental issues will play a central role .
Among other things , the municipal Council will vote on the noise action plan .
This includes various measures to protect the population from health pollution pollution caused by road traffic , including speed reductions .
In a press release , the local transport club Germany welcomes the widespread introduction of Tempo 30 . Those Those in the city are not innocent cent cent fact fact that must must because because because they they have contributed to massive traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic nenetraffic traffic traffic traffic traffic thtraffic traffic and traffic and and , according to the VCD .
The municipal council also coordinates on the participation of the city of Energy and climate protection Agency Pforzheim / Enzkreis
It addition agenda the agenda the accession country the &apos;s climate climate protection protection , , ental ental ental ental ental ental ental in in daydaycare and and the application for application for the federal smart city funding .
Citizens are welcome , but must consider Corona protection measures .
Tim Zimmermann starts the new season with a lot of delay
With half a year of delay , Tim Zimmermann will start his ADseason Masters Masters Masters Masters Masters on 31 delay .
Before the league of supercars can start regular operations , the first test drives were started .
For Zimmermann , the was was about getting to know his Lamborghini Huracan GT3 better .
The Corona crisis has long prevented Zimmermann from embarking his first first trip in the new Lamborghini Grasser .
this was now possible .
The 23-year-old Langenargener made his first on the Lausitzring and was able to get used to the premiere in the GT3 car .
&quot; There are already a few things that are different from the Porsche , &quot; says Zimmermann .
With the ABS , for example , you have to go differently the curves
But it really fun . &quot;
Zimmermann also had fun with Steijn , with whom he will share his orange sports car in the GT Masters .
Despite his only 25 years , the chchman has been experienced in GT sport and was able to help his teammmate many things .
&quot; no beginner in motorsport , but every new series also brings new challenges &quot; , Zimmermann .
&quot; Steijn and I understand each blinzzling and we also made enormous progress progress the session itzring from Lausitzring . &quot;
Right there - at the Lausitzring - the GT Masters will also run its first race .
From July , the 33 supercars will race through Lusatia .
Zimmermann , who is one of 15 newnewcomers knows the track .
2015 was last in the Motodrom .
&quot; It worked quickly I had to get used used to the track , &quot; says Zimmermann , who starts for the Friedrichshafen racing community Graf Zeppelin .
&quot; Lausitzring has many fast passages that you have to hit optimally to be fast &quot; .
How really really turns turns out in two weeks .
&quot; Of course , the teams poker it a bit , &quot; he says .
&quot; Finally , are very and looking forward to the first weekend at Lausitzring &quot; .
Race in Brandenburg to be the start of a crowded calendar .
Seven races seven races until the beginning early November .
At the moment is that no spectators will be admitted - but gives a prominent guest .
August at the Nürburgring , former Formula driver driver iko iko ülkenkenwill into the GT steering wheel .
Transport Minister caught quarquarantine decision
According to press press , the decision decision the British British to Spanish Spanish Spanish makers makers makers weeks weeks their return has caught caught country country &apos;s Minister colcold .
Accto ingly , Grant Shapps is currently on holiday , while his colleagues decided the measure at home on Saturday .
Due to the again onnumbers numbers figures numbers , CabCabin in London Land from from the list list those from it possible possible enter enter quarine is possible .
The new regulation will apply from today , Sunday Sunday so so Shapps apps also have to to quarantine after his ine .
In Austria , the government has also imposed quarantine measures for returnees .
But the regulation applies to those who are just on holiday , only from August August , and was not introduced overnight .
Inthe way , Spain is considered considered one of the &quot; &quot; countries &quot; &quot; for which quarquarine Austria is Austria .
&quot; Ministers in advance in advance that there is a possibility that a quarantine will be imposed on holimakers on Spain , commented Labour MEDiane ane bot bot
&quot; But obviously nobody boboed to Grant Grant Shapps . &quot;
Almost a month month the end of the Corona emergency emergency Spain and the the iry of the curfew , the infection of in the country are rise again .
Virologists blresponsible the nightlife for the new spread .
Spain is one of the favourite holiday countries of the British .
The British government is currently advising ing travel travel travel to Spanish , , British Canary Islands Islands Islands Islands Islands Islands Islands Islands particularly British among British holifrom makers .
To date , more than 272,000 infections with the novel coravavirand and more than 28,000 deaths have been registered in Spain .
Russia : Navy Day announces hyperpersonic weapons for warships
Russian President Vladimir Putin announced Russian his Putin announced announced his country warwarwarwarships with modern hyperon al weapons .
With these weapons weapons in the world , the fighting possibilities of the Russian naval forces would be expanded , on Sunday in St. Petersburg at the central naval parade .
According to InterInterfax , the Ministry of Defense also informed about successful tests of the zirconic hyperic ic sile built for the Navy .
The hyperpersonic weapons have a multiple of the speed of sound of around 343 meters per second .
They are considered weapons of the future
underwater tropedeo
It was also built on atomatomatomatomatomic underwater water pedpedo Poseidon .
The planned sea drone is planned for the destruction of coastal targets
The president of himself himself also ve with a military boat , said that this year alone 40 new ships put into service at the individual naval associations of the country of the earth .
Russia has such large coastal area as no other country in the world .
Russia has been reliably for 300 years , Putin Putin at the nationally celebrated day .
Seal forces also celebrated navnavparparades at other Russian coastal towns
In Syria , Russia fought alongside rulBBashar al-Assad , the military demonstrated demonstrated in a gun in in the port port Tartu &apos;s strength .
Ammunition was also fired there .
a video published by the Ministry of Defense was not only warships , a submarine , but combat helicopters and jets .
Hurricane &quot; Hanna &quot; reaches Texas : CorcomplicCorona Corona
Washington - The first hurricane of this year s season season that landlandore in Texas .
Lifethreatthreatening floo, winds , and rarainfall now threatened threatened of the US state , , the U.S. Climate divided NOAA at night ( local time ) .
Governor Greg Abbott for numerous districts .
According to the media media , the the in Texas , Abbott , according to the US media .
caution
&quot; Hurricane is an tremendone , &quot; Abbotbott according to the &quot; Houston &quot;
Looking arding the cyclone in Texas Texas he added : &quot; This challenge is complicated complicated and ated ated considering it swesweeping an area that is the most affected affected by Covid-19
According to Johns Hopkins University , 5,000 people have died in alone alone as a result of the Corona pandemalone .
called on people who had to leave their homes to caution .
They should &quot; regard practices practices we have accuustomed &quot; , such as wearing masks , said the governor according to CBS .
It is important that everyone kept distance .
hotel rooms were provided in some places .
In addition , it should be test in emergency shelters emergency Corona .
Damage was initially reported reported from the coastal town of Port Mansfield .
Storm warning withdrawn
According to 150 authorities , &quot; anna anna anna anna &quot; &quot; &quot; had hit the the of re re re re just just kilometers per hour .
The tropical storm had previously been upgraded to the stage hurricane .
For the coastal section of Port Mansfield until a storm storm warning warning was later withdrawn .
Authorities expected a weakening , while &quot; Hanna &quot; moved ininland and headed for Mexico .
&quot; Douglas &quot; in Hawaii
In the Pacific , Hurricane &quot; Douglas &quot; headed Hawaii Hawaii at at at at per of per 150 kilometers kilometers Hawaii .
However , the hurricane center expected him to to weaken .
According to the forecast , he will be near the largest islands of Hawaii on Sunday ( local time ) - then as a storm just below the hurricane threshold .
NOAA expected NOAA an average average average average hurricane cane this after May May May May .
From June to the hurof November , up to ten hurricanes are expected , of which up to six six very very strong ones clones , the authority explains .
On average , there is six of six hurricane , three of which develop into storms storms .
In view of available climate data and the higher water temperature in and the Caribbean , the likelihof a normal normal season only 30 30 , which of of abaverage average average even ten percent percent even at at that time
US President Donald Trump wrote to Twitter that his government is in contact with the states concerned .
Four goals cancpped video assistant &quot; &quot; Sassuolo
Sassuolos Djuricic scored two goals
Naples - Four goals scored , four goals goals goals : : Sassuolo Calcio experienced a ravenblack evening at 0 0 0 0 0 : at at SSSSNaples Naples the Italian football football Serie Serie - and really angry gry video video assistant of the ee .
&quot; A festival of ungiven gates for .
VAR has never gone hard against a team , &quot; commented the &quot; Corriere dello Sport &quot; .
Host Naples was went through goal goal of defender Elseid HisHisaj the 8th minute lead in the 2nd 2nd Filip Djurjuric initially first the .
The Video Assistant Referee ( ) withthe the due due to a side side position .
Five minutes later , Djuricic shot the ball again again - VAR intervened .
The goals of attatters Francesco ( 50. ) and Domenico Berardi ( ) were also taken by the referreferreferreferreferating this .
In the extra time made the 2-0 final for for Naples and the bitter evening perfect .
&quot; The VAR suworse for Sassuolo than a radar trap of and Sassuolo like no team .
The new technology provides records , &quot; writes &quot; Gazzetta dello Sport &quot; .
Bayern Munich : Pavard injured
Munich ( dpa - The start in hot preparation phase for Champions League began with a setback for double winner FC .
Hansi si holiday and a training training training , and and training training Hansi to to after after after first team training training how he can build his successful defense after injury by Benjamin .
The Frenchman , who has the third most minutes minutes behind behind Manuel Manuel Neuer midfielder Kimmich ich suffered suffered a injury injury the left foot foot threatens to be missing in decisive royal class duels .
In the Munich dirgling weather , the defender ender off a training game and was driven with a golf kkplace .
How long the unregular regular has to pause in the fight for title is open .
The final in the round round final match ChelChelChelsea 8 8 8 8 possible , the final final tournament tournament the the the in Lisbon Lisbon in Lisbon .
The Bavarians do not want to be stopped by the mishafrom from training on Sunday .
In his personal triple formula , Flick named the three attributes he wants to see from his stars on the way to Portugal &apos;s capital .
Quality , intensity and should be vicvicwinning winning winning ectors ectors ectors ideally ideally 28 28 days days the King class final final .
&quot; We have the compulsory tasks and trophy hy excellent
the special special , &quot; said Flick .
Until , until they deal deal final final final final and camps camps camps in the , , the round round final duty ChelChelsea FC Chelsea .
After the 3 – 0 in the first leg before the Corona break , the Londoners in in home arena should not become become nightnightnightare are again as in the &quot; Final dahoam &quot; 2012 .
&quot; We have to go through door .
We win , create good conditions and trust with a good game , &quot; demanded lick lick .
A test for the match match match against Friday against Marseille que Marseille .
With a long speech Flick had his stars , who had the the 13 13 days holiday on a unique August
31 he welcomed SäbenbenStraße Straße including the new noble purchasing purchasing purchasing eroeroSané é , who all the colleagues colleagues the for for the first time after his move from Manchester City .
&quot; Leroy joined like all new , &quot; reported .
But instead of talking about a new season , when Sané &amp; Co. are no longer allowed to to train , Flick talked a lot about the current title project of the German series champion .
After days of individual all-group training , in team strength for the LondonLondon, , are in in to the m ensemble ensemble the the rhythensemble .
After that , the Munich als finface a quarfinfinals against FC Barcelona and LionMessMessi , semi-ifinals are Real Madrid , Manchester Juventus possible opponents .
A way coach the final in Lisbon &quot; not quite so simple &quot; stressed the coach coach coach , who can trust the services of his new assistant Miroslav Klose in training
The World Championship Recscororand Flick know know some common tournament preparation , which is particularly important for the 0-to 100 tuning .
With his current team , working is &quot; a pleasure &quot; , Flick .
The &quot; focus on winning &quot; is the impressive characteristic of his team .
At the tournament with nine-teams , it also came to the matter .
All of perperperper, , the including the willing ThThago and defender David Alaba , whose wherwherabouts is secured beyond that .
Formula 1 a special rule to select its world champion
Since it cannot number on the required number number continents , , must improvisvise the World Cup titles titles
All American races were cancelled .
Race calendar is becoming more and more concrete
The race calendar of the current Formula One season continues to take shape .
In addition to the Grand Prix confirmed so far , three more race tracks were added during the week .
In October , the Nürgrgrgrgrin in Germany and Portimão in Portuguese .
On the first of November , Lewis Hamilton and Co. will fight for World Championship points on the traditional race track in Imola .
The 2020 race calendar thus includes 13 races .
&quot; We are pleased to continue to to big plans for the 2020 season 2020 season , said Formula 1 boss Chase Carey .
A total of 15 to 18 races in the premiclass er class of motorwill be completed in this extraordinary season .
Formula 1 wants to complete their season Asia .
Race calendar will be fixed and published in the coming weeks .
the already officially announced races in Bahrain and Abu Dhabi in December , media reports could ances Vietnam Vietnam ances in Vietnam and Malaysia at the end of November
Regulations calls for race on three continents
Formula 1 1 require require at least races on three continents for the World .
if , as currently planned only only two continents continents , there should be a world champion .
With the help of a special rule , FIA wants to award the citing exceptional circumstances &quot; because of circumstances .
The traditional start of the season in March had to be cancelled in the short term due to the the oming corona crisis .
A return to the continent this year is not an issue .
In addition , Formula 1 will not be a guest in America this year
Cancusection ises criticism in Brazil
Due to the tense corona situation , the races Canada , the USA , Mexico and Brazil will not take place
&quot; We look forward to being with them for the season , &quot; Carey ey .
The rejof the American races was particularly in in Brazil : &quot; We was not surprising surprising for us , we cannot accept the reasons for this , &quot; said Tamas Rohonyi , promoter of the Grand Prix in São Paulo .
The infection figures in the São Paulo area are significantly lower than in other regions of Brazil
Some of some teams not not want to drive in Brazil would also justify usection .
We are prepared for the required security measures .
Thunberg : Evil against Donald Trump went around the world
Greta Thunberg talked about US President Donald Trump
Greta Thunberg was a guest of Stephen Colbert &apos;s LatLatenColshow via video switch and revealed in an interview what she had head in her encounter with Donald Trump .
Climate atkivisGreGreta Thunberg was a guest in a popular US Latenight show via video switch .
She told others about her against the powerful of the world .
The teenager also talked about her famous &quot; evil &quot; during her encounter with Donald Trump .
New York City - Over the past two years , climate activist Thunberg has attracted attention with tireless commitment to the &quot; Fridays For Future &quot; movement .
Now she spoke in a well-known one about her plans in the future and her meeting with US President Donald Trump at the UN climate summit last summit .
Latenight presenter Stephen Colbert welcomed 17-year-old Thunberg on your show on Tuesday and conducted a longer interview with the Swewoman .
She spoke not only about the fight against the , but also her with the powerful of the world .
&quot; There are some things that surprised me , &quot; she said .
&quot; How far people focus focus away from the climate crisis , &quot; shook them .
&quot; Everything from organized hate campaigns to threats just because a children on the street &quot; she experienced .
Heads of state and leaders who mock ck against in social media media even even to silence silence find find &quot; funny funny &quot; as they show the reactions &quot; since they have no other answer &quot; .
It became particularly at the end of the interview , when Greta Thunberg was approached a well-known well-known scene in which she she a a itter itter look at at US president .
UN climate summit summit in New York , for which the nude visor sailsailed Atlantic , , gawas was by by cameras cameras has has since seen seen countless countless people .
the short clip of a GIF , i.e. an animated image , which ultimately became one of the most commonly used images for Trump opponents .
But what did 17-year-old think about the president at that moment ?
When Stephen &apos;s relatively relatively Stephen Stephen she answered answered briefly briefly : &quot; To be honest honest I I think think &apos;t need any else .
The experienced satirist Colbert probably not expected with quickact-ready answer and disappeared laughing from picture
With her &quot; How you ? &quot; speech about the principles of climate protection , she stayed on the many in .
Ex-Dortmund immobile with three pack for Lazio Rome
Immobile in the race for Europe &apos;s Golden Shoe now up with Bavaria &apos;s Robert Lewandowski .
The former Dortmund immobile continues chances to become become top scorer in Italian .
The former BVB professional scored three goals in the 5 : ( 1 : 1 ) victory of Lazio Rome at Hellas Verona , including two two penalty penalty in the two halves .
The 30-year-old 30-30-season season season season season season season season season season season - - just as many Robert LeLewandowski from Bayern Bayern achieved in the past Bundesliga season .
In Italy Cristiano RonRondo follows with goals so far , the Portuguese superstar met Sampdoria Genoa with the top evening .
Fleetwood Mac co-founder Peter Green died
His life was like a roller coaster ride : a rapid ascent FleFleetMac Mac went steeply downhill and then slowly up again .
Blues rock guitarist Peter Green died at the age of 73 .
Ingenious guitarist , drug junkjunk, cult pendant : The co-founder of the band Fleetwood Mac , Peter Green , is dead .
had died peacefully in their sleep at the age of 73 , family members said in an official statement official statement that another statement would be announced for the next few days .
Top musicians like Peter Frampton recognized Green as one of the best blues and rock guitarists .
Mick Fleetwood spoke in an emotional reaction of a &quot; monumental loss &quot; for all previous and band Mac .
The drummer Fleetwood and the guitarist Green had long founded legendary legendary band in London 1967 1967 , his dreamy instrumental ental &quot; batbatross &quot; is &quot; to this today .
The life of musicians ( &quot; The End Of The Game &quot; &quot; In Skies &quot; ) was bled a rollercoaster ride .
With Fleetwood Mac Green experienced a rapid rise rise the band celebrated its greatest successes but then without him .
There was a dispute because Green wanted to donate to the group for charity .
began to appear in roments and with a large crucifix
Psychental problems are also said to have played a role .
Three years after its founding , Green left the band in 1970 .
followed a social descent .
The bluesrock guitarist suffered from drug abuse and schizophrenia , as biographers reported .
Green was treated in psychiatry for a long ry .
During most the 1970s 1970s the musicians of the scene .
He is said to have lived on the street , worked as a cemetery gardener and spent spent long in an Israeli kibbutz .
Green was born in the Bethof al workworkal , the son of Jewish working-ing-class London .
At a young age he was enthusiastic about B.B. King and Waters .
At the age of eleven he learned his first guitar handles
At the age of 15 , the teenager began playing guitar and five years later he got the chance to be on stage as a lead guitarist for the instrumental band Peter B &apos;s Looners .
He was replaced replaced replaced replaced replaced Eric Iton replaced l Eric Clbreakton .
In the middle of the blues boom , Green founded Fleetwood Mac Mac the summer of 1967 1967 along with his bluesbreaker colleagues Mick Fleetwood and John McVie .
The Green composed song &quot; Albatross &quot; gave the group the first number 1 hit in 1968 / 69 and catapulted them at the top music scene .
But the rapid assoon showed his dark sides : Green did not cope cope , , his experiments with the drug became increasingly extreme .
He later commented on the life between music and addiction in an interview : &quot; Worthing thing happened happened me me , the drugs was the best to land a number 1 hit &quot; .
Towards the end of the decade , Green surprisingly achieved achieved success in 1979 with an album inspired by religious themes
Fleetwood Mac Mac am am on him in new formation new formation .
1977 1977 album &quot; &quot; sold more than 40 million copies worldwide .
Despite various small solo successes , no major comeback was until he he started with 1996 group of friendly musicians in 1996 .
British Daily Telegraph spoke of a rock star returned to Earth .
Frevon Dru, Green released several albums with the Peter Green Splinter Group until the band disbanded in 2004 .
For he he was a blulegend legend legend his lifetime and with his gentle sound influof the most influential guitarists of the gentle decades .
