Bikiker reacts lightlightning ning ented and worse
Friday night , occurred on on highway road between MachtoltolMerklingen and and , in traffic traffic accident one to the motorcycsts thanks to his quick reaction .
Driist Biker overlooked
A 44-year-old motorist wanted to turn 21.30 with her clock clock Merklingen left coming to coming the state road 30 1230 Machtoltoldirection .
Here she overshe the the the the year-old year-old ellellingen Nellell, . Motorcc.
At hand collision and fly away foot brake lever
The tried ker ker to avoid the car car car on this rear vehicle area .
Due to striprocess the the Suzuzuki of of the foot brake lever ver as as as the the torlidriver was was no longer longer able to brake brake .
At present moment he stehis in motorcycle motorcycle stistinext next to the and it made road out out out there without to down .
Bikker suffers leg injury
the colcollision with car the suffered ker of suffered injury suffered suffered while one am and in clinclinic had to be treated .
Mamming : Corona mass infection 174 Harvester : infected
After a Corona mass mass infection vegetable vegetable farm large large ammammammin Bavaria Bavaria , , 500 500 are people and are no longer allowed allowed leave quarquarquarantine .
A security service that monitors outgoing ban .
A total of 174 harvest vesters were tested tested CorCorCorCorpathpathogen SarSarCoV-2 , as the Dinginginging-LandLandLandLandamt on on Saturday evening .
&quot; In order to spread further , we unfortunately unfortunately avoid this this step to protect the population , &quot; explained District rat Werner Bumeder CSU ( ) .
Previously , the seven seven had had already infected this - was that of occasion occasion series test .
operation is large vegetable vegetable , strastraberries berries grows cabcumcumcucumbers and root root root - the cucumbers for but only inlay glasses .
Mamming municipality is a rural with good inhabitants 3300 near Ddingfing fing with its large BMW plant .
Bumeder appealed to citizens who keep calm : &quot; &quot; According to our information , it is closed a group of closed &quot; .
On the farm were infected infected infected infected , employees the separate terrain is now one of closed fence .
Green ens and SPD SPD SPD to the state government .
The threw Prime Minister Markus Söder CSCSU ) cabinet and and of neglecting the control of shelaccommodation of seasonal workers .
&quot; This bitter itter take revenvenge such infection such local local local local local downand and and must be be , MistMistMist, Jürgen Jürgen Managing managing managing liamentary of the Greens .
The SPD sees this similarly : : &quot; the the onononupWiesWiesWiesslaughlaughin in mid-, , we called called special special special program for for vestvestfarms with May , &quot; said environmental expert Florian von Brunn .
Especially particular HygiHygiconditions conditions the workplace workplace workplace the conditions conditions be be must be controlled controlled .
That obviously obviously not happen &quot; .
The &quot; outbreak announcement came with &quot; .
Underground station Dangerous Aidenbachstraße : Dispute : after 19-19-year-old Schubser track bed falls into the
In case of a dispute between a two at the youth youth Astraße bachstraße straße ground , , a 19-year-old year-old fallen through through wers into and slipped .
Obersendling Freitag On is - subsubstation at around 16.15 Aidenbachstraße straße one between between dispute two youth groups .
Passers-by One the alted police who , with stripes . several approached
According to the first investigation to Munich , a 17 ( ) to 19-year-old to to 19-year-old .
The slisliover over young man and platform edge platform into the track bed .
People from the group helped 17-year-old year-old climb out of the track .
There was no danger from a coming railway .
According police police police , there there were clclbetween between two . People
The 17-year-old flfled scene scene , but his personal personal could be determined .
Accompanied by his father , he went to the police inspection . 29
17-year-old is is investigfor assinjury .
: Seehofer report urfor longer data storage
Data retention is currently suspended .
Horst Federal a media the Horst Horst Horst ofofSeSeehofer calls for an extension of the storage period .
He wants to strengthen the fight against child abuse .
Federal Minister of the Interior Seehofer Horst ( CSfor CSU ) a a retention media media report instead instead - weeks the planned a ten year .
As reported &quot; Sonntag Sonntag &quot; on the picture , Christine Seehofer Minister Justice Justice Lambrecht SPD ( ) asked in a letter for a amendment in the law .
Seehofer wants to strengthen measures against child abuse .
He makes it makes sense to &quot; make urgurgadjustadjustments in the already law &quot; &quot; quotquotes the the &apos;s letter .
Currently retention is currently suspended .
a decision J the ECJ is expected to do so .
Seehofer , however , wants the changes bebeehehehso so that they be applied applied positive positive positive positive possible possible possible ju, , says the that .
One of the Ministry okesJustice spokesman said that the newspaper could only be examined examined examined whether it adjustlegal adjustments if the courts had decided .
In the fight against child child child child child nography graphy Seehofofof, together with interior ministers ministers had already already out the data data in in June for June .
: NBA for clip pper star Lou strip club sleeves Williams
Excitement in NBA the !
Lou 33 Williams ( , ) baskprofessional professional Los Los of CliClippers is said to have left the tournament tournament in Disney Disney Orlando Orlando in Florida Florida with with funeral eral for .
According to US media reports , he visited the strip club &quot; Magic &quot; in City Atlanta in the evening .
Williams who who who have have added ESPN information is back in , Isloation is tested daily on Covid-19 .
Be the reason for visit : Chicken Wings .
Last February year Sweet Sweet &quot; &quot; Lou ou who is called called NNBA , already expressed his his this for Wings .
wrote wrote : American &quot; and Magic City Flame Blue have the best wings in the city . .
NBA insider Charania Shams announced Sunday Sunday on Twitter that the NBA that Williams has ten-day antined quarantine .
So pClippers Star of the first two the official official of of after test game phase .
In World , Disney wants to play the NBA for the Corona season .
Currently , 22 the best training games with teams are preparing for the season finale starting the night on Friday .
SöSexpresder after itself mass infecCorCorona position to
- Munich Health Minister Huml Melanie ) ( CSU has already announced a Sunday large farms test offofffor .
This press be press conference on our our homepage .
The case in the authorities in Mamming district of Dingoling-ing-Landau and has frightened politics .
At the vegetable farm , large large 500 500 countries harharvestvestseveral several , , more third third third been infected infected Corona ona oogen .
The farm is now now and quarquarine one is closed with building fence .
no one leave leave the grounds , food .
The good 3300 residents community of the authorities authorities free . now Corona tests
Since harvesters had the population to local local local local , goes LandLandLanddistrict far far far from the fact that the infections have spread beyond the not farm .
&quot; Conrese se &quot; : fession fession of alleged arsonist of the Nantes of
My &quot; client &quot; has cocooperative , , lawyer lawyer entin entin entin ert ert ert Zeitung .
The defender : &quot; He added regregregted the , the deof confession was was one him .
His mandate &quot; &quot; plagued by remormorse extent extent extent destruction destruction of taken &quot; .
In a convicof conviction , according to the the , ten years years prosecprosec&apos;s threatened threatened a imprisonimprisonimprisonin the fine of 150,000 0,000 .
Gothic Gothic Cathedral Cathedral Cathedral St. Paul Cathedral NPaul been severseverdamaged damaged damaged fire on night on night last Saturday .
Fire was The church church church three far in three out .
Laboratory tests for the hardened suspicion of arson .
The suspect was arrested a few hours after the fire .
He was released after day .
as The Volunteer works for the diocese and Nantes was responsible eve the the fire of the closure for the cathedral .
there was track for no violent one into penetration , church church gave he quickly into into sight investigator of ator .
Discuss the abolition of 50 1 rule +
DFB President Grindel recommended that Reinhard to think on the abolition of + 1 Rule 50 .
The German &quot; football at least should discuss , conditions to rules clear and for investors before before completed the facts creates EU Commission , &quot; said the Grindel on &quot; &quot; Picture Sunday .
He stressed : For &quot; those the clubs clubs the , , Bavaria Bavaria and dangerous dangerous dangerous Dortmund , the do not work 1 50 1 rules anyway : see Leverkusen Leipzig . or
Insofar as one comes the debate debate , not not not not , , in in to to to break break the phalx want to break the inclusion of x . &quot;
However , he doubdoubdoubas to whether there is Germans Germans ness the the the ness ness ness ness to the majority majority majority , , are prohibited by the Bundesliga in the 1-rule 50 + .
&quot; It remains a legal risk to attract a European market in in investment fto BundesBundesBundesBundesto business business , &quot; &quot;
The former DFB bsees sees danger that that attempts attempts attempts &quot; more more competitive competitive balance balance BundesBundesBundesBundes, in end competitiveness competitiveness only of of top top top European level level level do not aken aken to to more tension in championship championship championship &quot; .
Equal distribution of self a TV money will achieve no effect effect .
The &quot; Bayern FC makes a 750 750 turnover of million euros Dortmund Dortmund BorBorussia 500 of RB million and million of Leipzig of 300 .
Differences are those among the first three three clubs already immensely .
The other 15 clubs have explained of average average average 130 million million the 558-year-old
Look With past that feels Grindel betrarevealed .
&quot; Unfortunately , there been people who noticed noticed mistake and and press who instead ierierierme me to to &quot; GrinGrindel del said expensive assumassumof a clock that that April April resign2019 his resignation .
&quot; That human occupied me very much . &quot;
Gift The worth about 11,000 euros he had received one from functionaries Ukrainian .
&quot; I committed compliance violation one , and it was right to draw to the consequences , &quot; Grindel said .
&quot; With omomous watch gift , I completely completely transparent suspsuspand transparent .
Many knew it B DFB . &quot;
He never never sured sured &quot; &quot; of secret gift gift gift gift the &quot; 58-year-old
&quot; That that call called naive , in any case , form was the the corruption corruption corruption of transparency &quot; .
Black &quot; Matter Lives injured &quot; : and a dead
against the police violence protests ests the United States States Donald Donald Donald Donald Donald Trump by federal police deployment of several in cities .
Saturday On there were cities in cities between clashes and and .
In Louisville people were injured three three people arrested Seattle in 16 .
In Austin , a person was killed by shots while a demonstration train crossed a straight .
had previously , racland against police violence police clclclclagain during protests .
The security forces of the the officials , police police used tetear gas on Saturday of the and and dealt ated demonstresters .
Hundreds of partly armed demonstrators on ched Saturday ched LouLouville ville demanding KKcky cky and responsible responsible be held held responsible for Taylor onna &apos;s death Taylor .
The old 26 year student in was shot in a March drug drug at LouLouisville apartment .
the target raid was someone someone who did not live there , and no drugs were found .
When Saturday , a member of a group group , called as as self-armed armed of black black , red shot shot shot , people were injured .
According to NBC , , hospital were taken .
None of them floated in mortof danger .
The barricades police set because because counterdemonstrators ators also formed a white militia .
The two did not not groups .
In Austin Texas Texas , a person was in in &quot; &quot; a ves &quot; Black Matter demonstration and died shot .
Police The according to their own in a information custody suspects .
More details to information circumstances that the act she has not made so far .
Mayor Steve Adler according to Adler Steve told the New &quot; Times &quot; York York he he was many many of the city , &quot; &quot; conconably ously stned ned and &quot; of what had happened .
In the metropolis , too , American Seattle engaged in clclashes with police on demonstrdemonstrators .
stuck in front of a prison prison in a construction prison , police glare grenades the and put a pepper spray .
According to &quot; Seattle of &quot; , 16 Times people were arrested for resistance for policpolice or diassly ault .
of city city In in Oakland California a fire was placed courthouse in .
small of A demonstrator group had taken windows windows fireworks works , fipolice police police ded ded with lasers , police shared Oakland of the late ( Saturday night ) local time .
This could quickly extinguished ished .
In the suburb of Aurora , a Colorado in DenDenver , drove ve a a , crowd on one that demonstrated .
the police As , a fifiof the demonstrdemonstrgun a off and person was taken at least one to the injured hospital .
In addition , there court also also in windows windows and was was as as the police police .
investigations .
Rakoczy in Bad Kissingen : Corona Defy Historical costumes
the great big break was the in the spa town , visitors enjoyed the and performers of the Rakoczy flair alternative program .
It was unusual visitors for , and performer : organizers Rakoczy weekend That without Rakoczy festival .
: But even even large ones the party party of the program ds in in the the the the and and and how SaSaale ale buror Rakococ-Ball all , , so alternative alternative alternative came their their worth in the Corona-compliant .
&quot; I think we have Rakoczy flair ir succeeded spspreading , &quot; says Thormann course Director Sylvie .
The guests would have accepted it well .
In principle , one returns to the beginnings of the Rakoczy festival , as well as were were the focus of historical festival the festival .
Pleasant atmosphere
Vesna Konhäuser visits visits more her husband husband always as a 25 Rakoczy festival for Bad Kissingen .
this time in the Corona year .
That has couple LuLuLuitd d casino , , comfortable the the the watching watching watching and stens to to CubCubCubto the live live music live restaurant .
&quot; I think it so pleasant , &quot; says Konhäuser .
They , the miss crowds otherwise who do not belong to Rakoczy .
But , she lthe the highlights highlights highlights highlights Saale ale ale Friday Friday Friday as as as the the ession historic and and at the firefireon Sunday evening .
&quot; is a pity .
That would have year weather this this fit super , says .
Rakoczy riding tournament to take place again
For performers of the the guests guests meant meant more the alternative program work .
For example , gold for Christina , in which normal a procade at the year and there there on the carriage of the Kurgarten café can be seen .
This was year on days days and Sundays ays to costume costume foot in city .
&quot; That &apos;s more exhausting otherwise , we have it easier , &quot; she says .
He had equestrian club less , to to even if Reiter Park individual were on the road .
&quot; We very much hope that equeququadquadriwill will the year year take place again , , &quot; UlUlke ke Chairman Waldhofen .
She announced that several Rakocsqusqutournament will tournament again after break break in 2021 .
28 Corona cases Spanish in second division division Fuenlabrada
Spanish Spanish second division division CF Fuenlabrada rada slides deeper deeper into crisis because to an ever Corona outbreak .
the newcomer Since the close near Corona ona Madrid Madrid despite the on 20 July July July was a a a a game game in game Corña ña followed followed a a low low next .
By Sunday or players 28 team members had positive positive , one one to to hospital hospital , club as announced .
from Fuenlabrada of the city of the same name from the southwest , Madrid had had a chance to to the aspromotion playoffs .
He is even threatened to relegegthe the B &apos;s Second the group .
The game against Deportivo La Coruña last was cancelled last at the moment the prosecprosecprosecprosecinvestiginvestigating ating possible offpublic public health health health , susupreme authority CSCSD D relegation of the club .
The player team members others sit in quarquarine quarantine .
To &quot; By sixth sixth of quarantine ine they have towel no no none and gel &quot; , which wrote sports newspaper &quot; &quot; AS .
On can be be seen that players players as underwear wear club club clothes hung hung hung rooms rooms drying drying drying in , after they they had to wash wash themselves .
bed linen linen not changed for the days .
Another problem is .
Neither is it nor well sufficient , wrote . . &quot; AS
The club stay , on the other hand , was was , satisfied satisfied satisfied hotel .
The accusation of having ately ately angangered ered public , rejected rejected rejected , lawyer of the club Tebas Javier Llanrejected .
One had not stressed the football football Association of the ated CorCorrules rules , son of the president of the Primera Division Spanish Javier , Tebas as , the Europe News Agency and the Press sports newspaper &quot; reported Marca &quot; .
Before the departure , there been four four four four 19 July , all all , but isolated isolated and did not travalong .
before Direct flight to Monday Monday at Corña ña A all and player team members had been re-tested .
When the team was already in Coruña A , Corsix &quot; or five &quot; &quot; team members &quot; positive Corteam members .
The game was cancelled minutes 60 before before off , Tebas said Llanas .
Police steam compartment must must n n caught horses
Two animals were on the road .
She led back to her owner .
Sunday morning On the shortly 6 o o clock clock a a shared two frefrefreon horses the eder eder eder the conconDonnDonnersersdorf SteinSteinfeld feld and and motorway junction .
At the arrival of the officials , the horses horses were again the feeder between and the village of Dampfach .
shortly the steam compartment partment be won won trust trust trust trust , , they could be a a rope in the patrol car .
Cyclilist Tony Martin : Career continuation imaginable
Time trial specialist Martin Tony thinks about a continuation of his .
/ Frankfurt Main The seven-time Martin Tony Time trial world champion can certainly imagine his .
&quot; I &apos;m just putting team with the the conditions conditions , could could could as in in and form , &quot; said 3year-old year-old of the &quot; Allgemeine Frankfurter .
Martin is employed by the currently Dutch team Jumbo Visma ma before before CorCorbreak break considered his his after after year year .
his team negotiations also also the number of race days he said .
Or other problems him that plague father father as if Martin Martin said .
He used to be fall fall , , first first and and thought thought : &quot; &quot; &quot; back back .
Today I think as father of a little would be daughter : What if . , &quot;
The cyccadmitted admitted that there were aspects aspects certainly with which he was increasingly increasingly with .
&quot; But I was good to remember what Corona time what I I have cycling and how much I I time . &quot;
The time-trial specialist of the competition events at Tour de ( l Ain &apos; 5 to August 9th ) .
Bavaria : At least four dead on Bavaria &apos;s streets
This beautiful weather attracts bikers to the streets in the places .
For three at least people ends with tour motorcycle motorcycle motorcycle .
Also 18 a year pedestrian dies old old .
Schönthal In - Bavaria &apos;s accidents on the the street several several , mostly mostly young people .
18 A motorcyclist year-old Saturday was captured Schönthal at Cham ham ( ( by ) a car that came on counter track .
car of the which came up , countertrack track . Initially unclear
On Saturday , Upper Bavaria came horhorhorhorhorage age age a a year-old 22-year-old of a machine .
was to BeiBeiBeigrigrigrigrigrito . police .
a left left against against carricarriage .
His injuries were so severe , he died of accident accident .
Of the inmates of the carriage twelve man man man one and man man slightly injured , as police reported .
in another accident , in the ting Bad Bad ötzötzting ting Upper atatKötzting .
He had night one night night night on Sunday Sunday and and was run run by a 42-year-old motorist .
After the guption police the 18-year-old wanted to sleep .
He could not brake more motorists in time .
At Schönberg ( district Freung-ung-Grafenfen) on on a a 57 57 57 ker ker in a a turn a brabradespite frontfrontal the car .
He died at the scene of the accident .
The 57-year-old driver suffered one , shock the rest in the person car three were uninjured .
Safety The was motormotorcycysts sts Saturday Minister Minister Minister Minister ernstiKerstin SchreU CSU ( Saturday .
In an letter letter organizer that the announced announced announced announced announced announced announced August bbagainst GabGabGabKovacs minister minister , , investments investments investments as as underunderride protection and the ardto defuse more dangerous .
&quot; For the safety of motorcyclihave lot lot lot cysafety safety safety in the years , &quot; it said .
Number &quot; The motormotortwo-cyclikilled reduced reduced around 28 percent compared to 2011 . &quot;
Kovac testing Monaco against Frankfurt
Main Frankfurt / ( ) dpa - Football Trainer For Niko , Kovac will soon be a union union with EinEincht Frankfurt with his EinClub Monaco AS .
Et-times The French guest guest guest guest on 1 1 August ( ( ) ) ) , HHesse at that of the Kroaten Club .
for BundesBundesBundesliga it is the only first hardurance test and before the second match in in Europa Europa League against FC Basel 6 ( . ) August
Because of the Coronavirus pandemic the encounter is held spectators without .
&quot; We are especially forward to this game .
It &apos;s always nice to come to Frankfurt and meet friends &quot; said Kovac .
is an interesting interesting , test said the . 48-year-old
Prior moving to FC FC Bayern Bayern the ovovac had trained from Hesse until 2016 and and led to victory in the DFB-Pokal .
&quot; An opponent of top-profile like Monaco Monaco Monaco good good test for terms us playing that against Basel .
Like all Frankfurt people , I look forward forward to seeing with Niko Kunion Kovac , &quot; Eintracht coach said Hütter Adi .
The 50-year-old Austrian had EinEincht who succeeded the Croat .
In March , Frankfurt had lost the round of round first leg against the in Basel with their own stadium 3 own 0 .
50 new infections Almost district : Hof just the Lockdown
District In Hof Hof number of of the ona ona infections on on weekend weekend weekend further weekend weekend : Friday Friday and 39 43 Saturday Saturday ( one recovered and people is not not in in more 47 on statistics ) Sunday Sunday .
comes comes one of the city in Hof .
Thus space the the approaches of critical critical 50 week week new 100,000 100,000 inhabitants per week week .
700 monsoon rain dead in Southeast Asia
the severe floods in Southeast Asia are more more 9 people people affected , , , Bangladesh Bangladesh , India .
700 the strong of , monsoon people 700 monof people were killed .
Bangladesh In the crescent red to reach isolated isolated in isolated people .
Villages are water .
The farmers have lost their harvests .
Ared hinos National Park in the landslides by
In Kaziranga National Park , several 120 ros died from the landslides .
They are under and and current protection as endangered to extinction .
Year In this , floods are the especially what to scientists climate change .
According to Bangladesh , the United information , one a one one the of global warming by the countries .
New empty apartments
In the Cox &apos;s village of Bazar in southern Bangladesh , 650 650 the apartments apartments apartments built built displacdisplacdisplacpersons by floods .
So far , a have so drawn .
It is difficult Cox x bring people to Bazaar .
Grenezalso by Grenezn .
Anyone had had an house house , it was so small small and a hut hut , often often not want want to be in in block block of block .
Apartments Many stand , empty but - so so - the government government soon be be from those who have have their house to lost floods .
60 Corona new infections only a day in Vienna
In 24-hour 24-hour comparison in 60 Vienna Corona infections were infections - in were Lower there there were 22 new Austria .
The Landessanitätsdirektion Wien medizinische and the crisis enstof Wien Vienna regularly regularly inform about case figures the current and other figures figures : the the stand Covi19 19 Virus Sunday , 26 July 2020 8.00 a., , are Vienna Vienna 40 8Vienna ( + positive tests 60 confirmed ) .
The deaths related to the number virus virus are 204 . unchanged
( 4,090 48 + recovered ) .
22 Coronavirus infections of new Lower Austria in
Number The coronavirus infections in Lower Austria Austria rose by 3,288 22 to Sunday on Sunday .
One is recovered recovered according to the medical staff .
This increases the number of 2,92,on 36 .
Covid-19 were 2424patients in 7 .
147,253 have been been carried out so far .
105 people died . . associated with lung disease
rejects counteroffer Argentina Argentina the creditors
The new demands could not be met with the Ministry of Economy in Buenos Aires on Saturday .
This &quot; not only only be irresponsible but , just just just called &quot; &quot; , one in .
&quot; While 50 of the children percent in Argentina poverty poverty we in we can not increase the profits profits of the profits credithe of term &quot; .
The second largest of the debt economy in South America America on current the no longer conditions .
For is why Argentina Argentina on its credicreditors private to to ve ve of receivables of around billion billion US dollars ( billion 59 59 billion ) .
If is no agreement , the country country threatens again .
the It ninth would be default of the Argentine in history .
Most recently , lenders had demanded higher interest rates on government bonds and contractual clauses changes to some .
The Argentine government , however , adheres to its last firm offer and and too one .
Argentina puts a serious in financial financial economic crisis .
The inflation rate was recently more than percent 50 .
For ts year , experts experts experts ten economic power decline decline ten ten percent .
In the end Argentina Argentina Argentina not not not 3 3 3 of 3 3 3 and and paid paid a slia limited default .
Professional - arrived private not yet
&quot; It &apos;s going well &quot; &quot; - conclusion Dr. Dr. Stefanie draws Kramer after her days days in the genary in Eggenfelden .
End Everything went very quickly : Dr. Mitte Mitte StefStefanie Kramer amer that she will succeed Lutz von Feller gengengenoffice of gengenfeldener .
Already six weeks , later beginning , July July lawyer lawyer his docdoctorate torate , normal normal the runs daily business on long full tours .
&quot; Privately , however , I still have arrive arrive , &quot; explains ottottconversation she Rottaler with the laughs Anzeiger and .
The short course course time not not enough enough to move from the center of life completely Regensburg EgEgEgden den den , ingfingfingthe was native .
with Currently ell is man man her her who who Regensburg Regensburg judge in in in am am , looking looking the suitable suitable an apartment or a house house in city .
at at least her short-term could still still apply apply parleave ental order to ensure the care of the two ( daughters 3 ½ and old 1 years ½ ) .
In order not to commute every Regensburg from Regensburg , she also also to to an an overnight stay with her dingolfing in parents , the 39-year-old .
Growing up in the neighboring district district you is Eggengengengenden has has been a course for a long term .
During visits on site with her family family in months months she she found found again : &quot; a EgEgfelden small town is beautiful right . &quot;
more She was all all the pleased that that in the process process she made vacfree in the the races .
Dr. Kramers in Stefanie career career career career plays plays plays plays Bavaria Bavaria a : After After studying studying law , she her her her her her her train in and state state examination 2nd in Regensburg .
After several notary assessor positions as among among others , in RehRehau Hof in Upper Franconia , in Babausen ausen ausen allgäu u Regensburg Regensburg Regensburg during this she she also also also &quot; &quot; &quot; the docdoctorate in law law - - she she she first first first ary as as thalthalster ster ster district of Passau im .
In 2016 , she was to ental ental 2016 , followed finally moving to Regensburg .
Since then , she has taken notariary positions in various .
When the place Eggenfelden was advertiadvertibecause because of aching aching aching aching aching utz eller eller eller she she had the right right time come for full full , , 39-year-old explains the .
Team The predecessor of her , , holiday representation over over take take take over the ariariarithe StefStefStefSteftaken over over over amer amer and has - - for for praise that of the team &apos;s firm firm : runs &quot; supergood Es &quot; !
The fact that they rely on well-rehearsed processes here can make it easier for her take take care of relocshithe upcoming private private point of food .
Kindergarten things In has criplaces or or has already already contact contact with local one .
works works works , , as she hopes hopes she be able able pursue pursue hobhobhobtoo too - and to get to know the most beautiful of the Rottal jogging routes .
plans to BVB 15,000 league type with maximum spectators
The Dortmund German largest football stadium stadium Dortmund Dortmund start will not be be even even 20 20 20 in a fan return .
&quot; Due to distance control , which is must be be , , we 151515,000 current current current specspecspecspec,000 ,000 ,000 specators , , Managing Director Dortmund Dortmund Carsten told the Cramer &quot; Tagesspiegel &quot; .
Usually the Bundesliga arena arena arena than tBundesliga liga a a little more than spectators . 81,000
In the season ’ s ost ost by CorCorpanpandemBBBBB lost lost lost four million euros per game .
The internationalization internationalization alization marketing marketing marketing marketing marketing B B tiztizalization alization alization alization alization alization hopes addition addition addition addition normal the the places ators ators , again again 000 000 000 000 000 000 in in in opened opened : : &quot; &quot; It is course course low if if the the , , these revenues break break completely . &quot;
in view face of ongoing CorCorona crisis crisis currently &quot; all all , first first first well to take take a side side &quot; .
&quot; If many companies are not well and millions millions of people people in in Germany in in short-in work , then need then entertainment entertainment that , limited explained &quot; Cramer .
The praised Dortmund munder the BVB professionals marketing marketing oss oss for , the salsalary ary ary to to the the the the the &quot; &quot; : Of course course players players that the ary ary waiwaihas their a effect effect than than , 100 100 , people who work in merchandising , put on short-time work &quot; .
Wonderracle : Tiny early start with a few hundred grams
Hardly as butter butter packer , , tabtabpopothree three his his blood in body : entire was Gabriel Gabriel Gabriel was was born - weighweighweighweighexactly exactly grams .
This is the boy of a 400 of around premature mature , , which are ed ed annually annually at Graz at &apos;s children &apos;s every ic .
A quarter of them weis than less grams 1,500 500 , few like - and his Gabriel Michael Raphael brothers and - are with extreme extreme lightweight once a non-birth weight kilograms .
You are born small and so early that lungs ungs neither intestnor nor completely muscles nor developed .
Their skin is sometimes so that they could delicate delicate electrodes that of an injured ECG .
And they are so tiny that doll clothing sometimes wear them and wear mini mini apers apers for them .
But so , not small they would not be in voice &quot; - and like &quot; Berndt smiles , Urlesberger .
Even &quot; if quite course they do not scream as loud as big &quot; babies .
When whiteboard becomes the stage
Despite Corona ona classass: in in WhitWhiteboard as a stage stage experienced before before the of of 9th 9th 9th St. St. St. us-us-of the in . Abtsgmünd
Actress Julia Sylvester from the city of Aalen Theater presented the production &quot; Das Heimatkleid - - &quot; - to to students . Video
Afterwards , the students were able to exchange the and and director director director and and director director with Skype Skype the actress .
Born was was idea for the current Corsituation situation of the performance format .
Teacher Teresa was Nar about enrichteaching teaching .
Even though everyone involved involved involved involved that that they were direct direct direct the encounter encounter theatre still stage stage space and additional stim, , can can also theater theater the the potential for contact those in schools .
If the &quot; technical technical frame further improve one one , could be interesting to complenting game operations , &quot; WinWinfried Director .
First drawn round The : 1860 TSV V V in Frankfurt DFcht -Pokal okFrankfurt Eintracht
Should the TSqualiqualiqualiqualiDFDFDFTSTSin 1860 , , ons meet EintraFrankfurt in Frankfurt of the first round .
This resulted in draw the Sunday Sunday .
Sixty Munich - possible opponent in the first round of the DFB -Pokals is certain .
The lions of one at successful successful qualification on Eintracht . Frankfurt Frankfurt
This revealed the Sunday evening draw in the the ARD Sports Show
who because of Because CorCorona pandempanfield field field has not not not come , used the the placplacused .
Due to the ononof semi-semi-opponopponvoluntevolunteminminFC FC TSTSV the 1860 1860 the final in the Toto Cup Bavarian or 4 ( 5 September ) .
There lions meet either the or Würzburg Kickers Aschaffenburg Viktoria .
Should second division division nerWürzburg zburg the final , sixty would already be for for fix the first first in first .
Otherwise , the Giesinger would have to prevail against Aschaffenburg in the final Regionalligist .
first DFDFDF-Pokals of the round will be and between between 11 14 and September September one week before the .
&quot; Winds From &quot; : : film legend Olivia is HavHavHavilldead
Oscar winner and film legend Olivia de is Havilland dead .
had have died Paris Paris Sunday Sunday 104 with natural years of death one one , confirmed the spokeswoman German Press Agency .
de HavHavilland was known for Hamilton role Hamilton Hamilton in Melanie anie eepic &quot; &quot; one the WinWind &quot; ( ) 1939 .
Born in Tokyo in a OliOliOlivia via moved to to to California as a Havilland .
The Austrian theatre man Reinhardt discovered Max 19-year-old who who in the role of Hermia Shakespeare of &quot; MidernNight &apos;s Dream &quot; .
Film studio The Warner took Brothers them seven equally for years years contract contract brought at the Eroll side Flynn n of big .
She made eight with with heartbreaker .
In 1946 she won her Oscar first of the lead role in &quot; To Each His . Own &quot;
The film was titled titled &quot; &quot; in Germany .
Three years later came the award for best in William actress Wyl&apos;s The &quot; &quot; Heiress ( ) The Erress .
Much recognition was also as her neurotic tic eccentcentric &quot; Dark and and mirror mirror snake &quot; &quot; Die &quot; .
du Daphne Maurier suggested her for 1952 in the role role of the film adaptation of her novel My Cousin Rachel &quot; &quot; .
This became worldwide success .
With her bed friend Davis longjährigen played in her for &quot; Wiegenlied ein Leiche &quot; .
His was the writer Marcus 1946 1946 1946 driGoodrich in 1953 .
In Paris , de Havilland married Pierre journalist Paul Galante and his daughter with Gisèle .
This marriage also broke up .
about rumors affair one of the former Prime Prime Prime British however Edward confirmed ath Edward never confirmed .
Road Timmendorf &quot; to Beachvolleyball &quot; : : Thole / winder miss final comeback at
World World Cup World ThJulius Julius Clemens and missed the Timmto beach leyball leyball tournament Road TTimmleyball leyball leyball &quot; .
At the Top Teams Düsseldorf in they defeated in the semials als als team colleagues to their Nils and Lars Ehlers Flüggen with : 1 2 17 : ( 21 21 , 17 : 19 , : ) 21 .
Most recently Thole ole / played in the winder of September last year at the Tour Final World in Rome .
Final game Rhein Rhein am am kerten beBeinger inger Flüggen Ehlers / das surprsurprise surprise Lukas kas his Ptschtschner interim partner Steven van de 0 with Velde Vel: 17 ( 17 : 21 , 21 : ) : defeat .
In addition to the show tournament three , starting places for the German championchampionships September September immendorendorStrand Strand : : The tickets were secured secured by Dollinger inger / KulKulzer Manuel , HarHarms PeemRichard Richard and Simon fretschtschner / Sievers Milan .
Calf itz ejection from confirmed AfD - speaks of FDP &quot; &quot; fig leaf
The expulsion Andreas Andreas Kalbbitz is from AfAfAfD FDFDFDpoint of view only only a fig fig &quot; &quot; and does not change the character party of party .
The &quot; AfD is the arm of parliamentary right-wing extremists in Germany .
Kalbitz is Andreas only the part of the tip in iceberg berg of AfAfD radicals , &quot; said the Benjamin FDP interior politician Strasser of the news agency dpa .
The Federal Arbitration ration AfAfD had the the in in Stuttgart Stuttgart Stuttgart Stuttgart Stuttgart Stuttgart Stuttgart Stuttgart Stuttgart KalKalKal, , confirmed confirmed the the of of of majority decided in May .
is chairman Kalbbof the Brandenburger Landin Brandenburger Landtag .
&quot; If the AfD really really about right-wing wing extremists consistently consistently them them from party functionfunctionaries BjBjörBjörn HöHöHöcke exphis his explowers lowers &quot; said StrStrasser .
&quot; In the AfAfD however there is is no political will to do , , right-wing wing extrem is now part of the &quot; party .
Markus arly similexpressed : CSU General General Blume &quot; That Kalbitz Andreas Andreas Andreas now now nothing nothing nothing and &quot; nothing nothing he world &quot; &quot; the Sunday Sunday &quot;
&quot; Rather , there speak volumes how many a frensupsupporter still in in the st of the right-wing extremists in AfD . &quot;
goes umes Blume that AfD , in elections elections will again again five five in the future .
&quot; The days AfD are in counted parliaments &quot; .
Kalbitz was the spokesman of one of the the &quot; &quot; dis&quot; &quot; wing around ingingingthe AfAfAfBjörörörand group chairman HöHö; Verfassungsschutz schutz classifies the the int &quot; as a secured right-wing extremist aspiration &quot; .
May In Kalbitz had thrown the the D federal board of the .
As there reason reason he he KalKalbhad his membership membership membership membership in the forbidden bidden farwing right &quot; &quot; HeimatHeimatHeimatuen ( &quot; ) HDHDJ and the Republicans .
Kalbitz membership denies in the HDJ .
the chairman chairman of the left group in the Brandenburg LandLandLandtag , , , , the decision decision of the Federal Arbration ration ration did not change the character of the : AfD &quot; The wolf has only eaten chalk .
The AfD remains a far-right party , whether Kalbitz with or without . &quot;
Neither with this decision the the the party nor weakweakwings of the . right
maneuver The &quot; of is transparent . is Meuthen troruppe
a man wants further observation Verfassungsschutz through and escape escape trying to get get under radar , &quot; said Walter
&quot; The AfD doesn &apos;t get rid of spirits she she called .
A does not change does ection nothing &quot; &quot; commented SPD SPD Secretary BranBrandenburger ohn ohn commented on the Erik decision .
Here &quot; AfD Landesverband and the faction held the the wing wing to today &quot; .
The legal legal dispute of membership Kalbitz membership in will AfAfD .
He announced that he would take take against against against against the the Federal Federal ration ration ration court .
North Sea wind farms deliver 21 percent more electricity
Wind power plants on the Sea Sea Sea Sea fed into electricity electricity the months months months months months of of watwatwatt hours 11.51 .
are a good 21 percent more than the in in the same same previous year , which in Tennet net Bayreuth network operators .
Tennet is responsible for the the North Sea electricity transmission to the mainland and the forwarding through the German electricity grid .
The wind turbines , the Baltic Sea Sea the net net net TenTennet , have further terawatt hours 2.22 TWh ( fed fed ) electricity .
the total comes from wind electricity and the North Baltic Sea to TWh 13.73 , 11.64 compared to a good TWh first in the half of 2019 .
The sea on the wind thus thus accounts for almost 19 19 19 wind of the entire of Germany Germany ; for example , are four percentage points more than a year ago .
Wind farms ensure higher generation capacities
The increased contribution offshore wind energy results results from the higher wind wind wind higher , generating capacities because new new new months gone gone gone gone farms have wind grid .
If the 1270 in wind power plants of the North Sea would all simultaneously with , , , mathematimathematically they could generate 6.6.7 gigawatts .
The transmission capacity is sufficient for this ; according to the 7.1 tennet , it is at gigawatt .
By 2030 , the German watwatwatwatwatwat17 17 North Sea in 2030 .
&quot; In and in Germany the Netherlands , we are investinvestinvest20 in euros euros euros expanding offoffnetwork connections that said , &quot; Tennet Managing Director Tim .
of In , farms farms can can also use it on their their , not not not but about 40 percent percent
The record day in year 2 January January when when North Sea farms farms more more the six six giggigawatts .
In the North Sea wind turbines the 2.5 about gigawatts to 3.0 electricity , this corresponds to three to four nuclear power plants .
seven housseven seven households eholds millions of electricity .
&quot; Art &quot; Skirmish - an exhibition by the artist Leipziger Christian in Galerie Bold der Gmünder of the .
almost one The little was was anniversary celebration to the . 130
of münmünKunstKunstverein Kunstverein : The exhibition opening Skirmish &quot; Works &quot; with the Leipzig Bold Christian Christian Christian up up the frame after the Corona break .
Much more art lovers usually followed the the between the the , pper pper Dr. , , , Professor Ripper pper Klaus
Equient musical The band &quot; delivered the Defenders the of Universe on &quot; the southern . Kornhausplatz
the North Gallery was the Sandtogether Association . &quot;
: Windbergfest Freital cancelled because of Corona
The Windbergfestival takes place in this not year .
The Freital city in September cancelled the planned festival three-days .
In years of others over people had attended 30,000 city festivals .
&quot; We have not not make this easy easy easy - and in in of how how it is hophophopfor the the participants last to to minute , , Mayor explained ( Uwe Rumberg ) .
But &quot; in the end , we organizers here here the health responsible for many people a people . &quot;
Because if tens tens thousands thousands of grounds grounds and and and the the would had had in minimum minimum minimum , , regulations regulations as as as as of the the the current current current ononprotection could could be adherlied with .
Or restrictions that would have been strong strong that of , folk festival one would have been much left .
In addition , the organisational and monitoring effort would increase disproportionately many times over .
Rumberg comforted year . next
Then it celebrates its city of tal tal 100th th with the Winterbergbergfrom from from 9 7 and May 2021 the Saxony Day of 10 from 12 to September 2021
Dressage Olympic champion in Werth zu Achleiten zu not beat
Achleiten - Olympic champion The six-IsabIsabell was Werth the outstanding rider in the dressage tournament .
The Rheinberg 51-year-old came out to victories at four ends at four ends . four
After WeihWeihegold old and and Grand z z each won a Grand , she was also also in the Sunday Prix Prix Prix and in not the freestestyle .
On the mare Weihegold 15-year-old WerWerSonntag Sonntag prevailailed in the clearly against Victoria Max-Theurer Austrian Abegglen .
Also Also freestyle the the Germans Saturday Saturday on Quantaz of her clearly 34 34 year-old student Max-Theurer Victoria .
Werth Quantaz winning horse . belongs to Max-Theurer
The most successful dressage rider in the world is to establish this in the ten-year stallion Prix Grand .
For it Quantaz was first the freestyle .
at the first already tournament three in Achleiten had won all the th four important weeks th weeks ago .
The last three of the international tournaments is planned there for 14 to 16 August .
Future in more Worms air traffic controllers
The Wormser continues into university university : : &quot; &quot; DFDFDFDeutsche &quot; &quot; ates air control Professororone for Air Traffic &quot; Management . &quot;
A DFbetween WorWoruniversity has now been signed between DFS in Worms .
The contract was initially concluded for and three years 2021 starts .
With professorship , there is the of of study , possibility to enable not only in in summer , but also in the winter semester .
so that many can be trained twice as trained as so far .
at the same time , the capacities both both university university and at DFS S control control DFademy are utiliutilized .
DFwill advise DFS ’ university institution institution the and and professprofessorship the .
2019 Since the university
the Since summer semester 2019 , the the first students of their their training training are traffic traffic controllers at at the ms ms ms ms ms Air in Traffic Management .
students started started started nine years .
the far far are are of of DFS , positive positive the students achievements achievements are outstanding .
The combination of studying pilot training and contributes significantly to further increasing attracattractiveness of the pilot profession .
In In these times we are is not not economical .
However , we firmly that that air to to recover and grow grow in the long term .
in order to be able future in our legal legal order order , we highly highly qualified qualified , , &quot; says eurSchKlausKlausKlausDieter Dieter , Director of DFS DFS signing signing the contract .
&quot; DFS the Für , the future-endendowed professorship ship , investment investment air traffic controller controller will will a a a broad broad , , knowledge knowledge ing .
We put cooperation that therefore with good good and and at the same same underundertiveness tiveness tiveness as &quot; employemployer .
Professor is also msby Professor Jens HerHermsms, WorWorms ms the university &quot; : owed owed owed orship The important important forms a bridge and between science industry .
With it , we would like to build on the DFcooperation of DFS S FlugFlugsicherung sicherung sicherung as dual dual bachbach&apos;s &apos;s degree in Air Traffic Management . .
The trust of German air control control for is the the university Worms ms motivation motivation to to expand expand teaching teaching research and in in future future that of air traffic .
In working to air traffic controllers ers tomorrow , university can set the endowed owed owed professship ship ship for a a dual dual highlights highlights highlights and special innovative priorities for students .
Dr. Alt , Denis at the Ministry of State Science Science , ContinContinuing Education Culture Culture emphasemphasises : Worms ms ms ms ms ms , , ms ms ms has a selling selling position in Rhineland-Palatinate .
The signing of cooperation today today today strengthens that of the profile . &quot; University
lands rescue helicopter on the 45 A
About 30 minutes which was 45 on the motorway A A Saturday in in the direction of Aschaffenburg enburg after after a rescue helicopter traffic accident that was in operation .
A 76-year-old drove one with Ford 12.40 around the clock exit exit landed ed zenau-au-au-of curcurve straight straight the and to guardrail .
Due to the impact , the front front bags bags from the driver suffered suffered injuries on the face and had to be taken to alized for treatment .
The injuries of the passenger 2-2-year-old year-old emergency emergency emergency emergency and and after after the patient patient flown with hospital with icopter into hospital .
Currently , however , police assume assume that that there is no danger of danger .
Vehicle The damaged , which caused caused damage about about 2000 2000 had be towtowed .
Heil to examine other industries by meat industry
Corona crisis is brought brought brought parts the conditions of the conditions in the meat industry .
Strengtening of the law is imminent .
But righthey they are and - will it so ?
Federal Labour Minister Hubertus ( Heil wants SPD SPD ) the the now now strict against regulations of grievances ances ances meat meat meat also other industries .
&quot; We will look at industry for industry for and then the respective industry to take appropriate appropriate if it is necessary , &quot; said Heil in the German Press Agency Berlin .
Employers of Germany already warn against generally restriccontracts factory contracts .
the mass mass ononerbreak break at the giant giant Tönnies North North Rhine-Westphalia ia this Federal Cabinet wants to decide decide Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday Wednesday law .
Large slaughterters should demanmanling sghter ling , and and processing processing processing no personnel no may use .
the purpose purpose of contract contract as well as temporary workers should be banned there .
Employer president Ingo Kramer said dpa the : &quot; fingfingers a general general tion of of contracts contracts employment and and if if not the the not not want the to le &quot; .
plant contracts are an example for wide to the cracracra, construction industry industry of and mandatory construction construction the basis for their in value creation .
The &quot; individual conduct can destroy an an important instrument &quot; .
Heil assured : My &quot; goal is not to ban work contracts throughout German German economy . &quot;
are contracts sensense .
&quot; If industrial company commissioned an commissioned craftsman to install a safety system , this is a a factory contract more normal &quot; .
German meat industry industry ein considers the ban and temporary work work of contracts contracts in the industry industry be unconstitutional .
It not not , explable why when portioning and packaging packaging cheese be be be porbe and in in future , saussaussays says says statement statement of a legislative , , as &quot; Neue Neue Osnsnabrück( newspaper newspaper &quot; ) reports .
in case case ban ban price consumer would the by up to percent percent per 20 kilkilproduct product and .
East European employees Many of in in contraccontraccompanies worked the industry industry after ining results results results NRW W W health health Administration of the 16 16 hours on day .
Often had no .
Wage for protective equipment was reequipment or rent .
It was also stated that the situation often often often of of by workers . miser.
Heil said that relatively relatively sharp law had already already force for meat force in 2017 .
However , they been bbbed by &quot; tricky constructions &quot; .
&quot; Now must be be cleaned . &quot;
Politicians announced announced : &quot; In the &quot; Occupational and and Act Act Act we we to to end end end CabCabCabCabCab, also measures measures measures , not only meat meat - - , , example , , rates occupoccupoccupational safety in clear criteria or for shelaccommodation &quot; .
the draft pa pa amendments amendments includes law of of for workers &apos; &apos; of the in and the meat industry .
Brandenburg &apos;s Nonnemacher Consumer Protection Minister Ursula ( Green e ) considers more intensive controls .
&quot; I would like us to be able to more more more many many many : : : controls controls controls animal animal , , possible , for , , animal animal transport , &quot; Nonnonnonnacher on Sunday of the RB program &quot; Brandenburg aktuell &quot; .
But more more more staff are also for also controls .
at dead Three crash ultright ight aircraft from Germany
According to the police , people three three three three an an an an an alight WesWesWesan an an of e-e-e-e-e-Westphalia in the state .
One was easily injured .
People more two were said accident une une been cucucuinjured injured , a district center WesWesel the spokesman .
At the accident site one was found parachute , police police the .
The Rheinische Post &quot; reported &quot; , iting eyewitnesses that the the the balloballoballoballocolcolashed with crcrash .
The house was a house or a two-family house .
Further details were initially known .
Clearof Opernplatz Frankfurter are peaceful
A riweek in the Frankfurt riFrankfurt , also of evevevtion of in in night night Sunday Sunday on peaceful .
Finally , , some of people dodozen left left left on , , but but before before at 1 curfew o &apos;clock .
Police That of was been many evening evening numerous in the evening , , in the the entire city area police area was one one be one .
on the first time on a a midnight night night ban ban on platz platz platz , , had occurred occurred before a riots ago .
police had been attacked attacked from crowd of celebrating bottles .
five least least officers police police police after after injured vehicles vehicles several .
Night That was also quiet on Saturday .
car boy car over : Woman in injured accident Bundesstraße 83 Hofgeismar in injured injured
In an accident between Schöneberg and a hill on the 21-year-old year-old suffered 13.suffered suffered suffered injuries o suffered m .
was taken to the Klinikum Kassel .
sought thermal imaging cameras With the passengers fire brigade possible .
According to the woman , the police on Bundesfederal 83 83 83 83 83 direction direction her of of HüHümme as her , , , ununexplained cause cause the the road and came fell over several times .
In order to rescue the accident , the fire brigade had to cut cut the roof of the cut car .
unclear Since there was still someone in in the vehicle , adjacent adjacent corn field was searched from the the ary ladder with thermal thermal camera one .
The drone squadron arburg urg , the the cameras cameras cameras cameras , also also search search that had been ordered for .
However , they did not find between the the high corn plants .
The seriously injured was taken with ambulance KasKasKasikum Kasbuler for further care .
50 Almost emergency forces of the fire brigade Hofgeismar , Schömme and Schöneberg were on site .
It was closed for two hours due to the accident .
Juventus Turin champion Italy in
Turin - Redeeming After goal to a Cristiano Ronaldo of Juventventrecord record has has the Italian Italian for the time time in ninth series .
around team team world football players the five time total made the Scudetdetclub club 3636of the 2 with one : ( : 1 0 ) 0 on the home Sunday Sunday evening in against Sampdoria perfect Genoa .
Ronaldo scored 1 to to : 0 of the HalHalf
With 83 Turin points , without last the the injured injured injured SamSami hehehera ra , , days days days days days of of of of the the of of of the end of days days .
The table in Milan is Inter seven back points .
Juventus despite optical was in superiority of the first harmless , then then then after RonRondo one with with kick variant last of the action .
A addition Miralem alem Pjanjan35-year-old year-old from from the penalty penalty line with a direct flat shot 45 th + ( 7 ) .
Against the now was also involved guests Ronaldo was also involved : : 2 0 , his dusty after Federico Schuss ardardeschi 67 from ( ) .
was thus the lackamless decisive but assured success .
The fouloul meter shot to the latbar minute minute minute the 9th 9th RonRonRondo do do with a a scjscoring oring who have on correct .
&quot; It is complicated to stay physically and mentally for minutes of ball height 90 .
The games are , gely the momentum and changes &quot; slightly very , , MauriMaurizio explained after Sarri the 1 at : 2 Calcio Udinese Thursday .
Especially Before the exexhaustion of his player player the great , juve coach .
Because of the defeat , the Turin not not not perfect championship championship championship .
The reassuring at the the of the the the the the was was mainly due to the weakness of the competitors .
In matches before the the even even on Sunday Sunday Sunday the only arriarriteam team five vicfive .
Ronaldo also Whether , top scscorer is questionable .
While the Portuguese superstar so far scored scored 31 , the former Dortmund CirCirCiro o his his his pack : : : : 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 of of zio zio zio zio Hellas Verona Verona 34 34 34 account account his - - many , Robert Robert LeLeowski contributed to the title title of FC Bayern .
The record Italy Italy in current is held by the juve professional . Gonzalo Higuaín
The scored 36 goals goals goals for for for the SSC .
In August awafor the &quot; Old lady &quot; Italian of the next football title chance .
Juventus is the round 16 16 , but Champions Champions League to to to a 0 0 0 0 7 0 0 0 0 0 : : : : to to Lisbon in the final tournament .
In that wait wait next next next next or Madrid Real Manchester Manchester as opponent .
Baden-Württemberg : 250 About illegal races
- Stuttgart threatened penments threatened and and court dgDespite the ists ists ists countless countless races illegal illegal Baden-Württemberg Baden-Württemberg : : continues continues continues year year and and the four of this first months months , the police has already registered registered more than 250 car races 250 the police .
Comparative are comparcomparyears that do exist exist exist but but the judicial judicial judicial judicial authorities increasingly : : work work ConConConthe prosecprosecors ors Mannheim Mannheim Mannheim Mannheim a a total investigation investigation investigation investigation 5 5 5 5 for illegal , , later later it were already 252525in the the the the beginning beginning June beginning already 15June .
The fewer races dealt events events organized organized , as the the the Interior Interior Interior request which a a Landtag PD .
in most cases , the drivers spontsponteously eously against each other or they they ed from the the police - this race race is reported as illegal .
At the tax tax on men , especially the the German 18 age between and . 60
Fines 113 - times 15 imprisonention
In comparatively Only a few cases caught caught caught caught er er er also asked asked : Ministry Ministry Interior Interior Interior have been since a total of of 2018 2018 finfines pronounced 15 imprisonsentences .
However , there are no evidence that the illegal number of car races .
Rather other other ists acted acted to many of accidents tragic gic and past past than earlier earlier indicated indicated and , more often a said sperial okesman .
Especially ularly popular with with ashighway highway the and again 8th motorists there there the traffic , out themselves to space space and free track that one too too for race .
Last August August a driver was zen near near near KirchKirchheim under eck eck , three months months there there were riders 18 on A8 of the .
is A81 &quot; most popular &quot; race track
On the A81 registered the even police races more than on federal highway each other .
a speed speed mit mit , is made to slow the the the the the Geising especially particularly affected section section section and fingen .
The and mostly sports sports pripricheed luxury luxury cars and have have Swiss Swiss , because the the to to fast fast fast fast fast fast fast fast racing racing racing racing racing because of the high penracing .
For the , SPD must not reduce limit limit limit to a few routes : &quot; With speed speed with a 130 130 kilometers of hour , we would problem problem problem problem on motorproblem , &quot; says Rivovoir , traffic expert of expert .
&quot; The important spefor for for for inwould would would , , higher if if you should be on the road road and there with 200 legal kilometers of hour and more &quot; .
From enlighment ment image campaigns or less less less voir : &quot; &quot; &quot; in in such such such rules rules rules such such and and only only own own life life life life life the road of of others , , is hardly hardly hardly vable with reason . &quot;
ADAC calls for stronger police crackthrough the
ADAC On , other other hand , this is not enough enough We We assume assume that speed speed speed ers not not not deterdeterred , , , HolHolHolger Head Head Bach Transport Transport Environment and Württemberg Württemberg .
It also calls for additional and harder routes affected on the controls .
The painful ful ful , which is is and and and and and : : : : : January 2019 2019 2019 April , three three races races races races races races , two two of which which night in an involved involved in in in downtown Stuttgart and one in Gerlingen .
In November , , two men men delivered an car race .
One of the vehicles vehicles came off street , ded ded garden wall and one remained on the side , the 18-year-old passenger died .
21 more people were injured in the past two races . .
In the Interior of Interior , , , , punpenpenpenpenpenpenpenpenare not &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; isto to to sancsancsancthe for action harharharharvehicle vehicle vehicle , &quot; &quot; says the paper Ministry of the Interior .
Blue light of 23 23 : Burglar thirst steals drinks from snack
Rohrdorf : Mann Ein on in in Thursday ( district Rohrdorf Calw ) snack broke one one one and and ststdrinks .
A witness witness 3.40 heard heard noise valley in in the and ran towards the snack .
he noticed a man man left , at the fridge with with drinks snack ack and the the by bepreviously in an entrance door .
The perpetrator fled direction in that of snack behind snack .
The police police also served a checkout and stole cash cash in the three-digit area .
Suspicious This is follows as described : It is about 1.80 to 1.75 in size and of stat.
In fact , he wore a hooded black black , pants and bright shoes .
The also also accept police .
Ackermann ckermann to final stage on Sibiu Tour
Cycling cPascal cal ckerckermann won his day victory on the final stage of the 10th of the Sibiu Tour second .
The 26-year-old atinate old Bora-hansgrohe from the team team on the 109 109 kilometre section with with start finish finish in bibiin in the mass sprint , after he he had won won stage Saturday stage .
There were victories vicseason were the three for and four . Ackermann
His Austrian Gregor temate MühlMühlprevailailin the overall standings .
The 26-year-old confidently had decided on on the the mountain in in morning and thus took the top in the class .
Only 104 drivers had eted on the final evening .
No than less 18 starters were fallen to the time limit in the mountain time trial .
&quot; I &apos;m really really to start season season start with a victory , &quot; after ckerckermann explained his success on Saturday .
The sprint &quot; was really hectic , &quot; said the 26-year-old .
before 300 the meter he he simply sprsprint int put put on on and worked worked perfectly .
According to the rules UCI World Association , all Corona test test was out out all race participants and their companions ions days before the start of the race .
During the complete and round driver driver superwere isolated isolated hygiene separated separated separated separated the organizmedia team organizthe media .
spectators at the and and finish finish . admitted .
Control center instruction for amateur resuscitation
Düsseldorf Accident Tragic - Sunday noon Düsseldorf-Garath am . in
In apartment house was child child ( 4 4 bathing bathing ) suddenly lifeless in the . Water
Fire brigade According to emergency ruf was arrived shortly shortly before clock 13 .
A control center dispdispent &quot; immediately instructions amamitation itation itation itation itation to &quot; &quot; fibriighter , , a BILILD .
The rescue forces took over the the resrevival measures .
in The life-danger child child child child was ususcitation under the transported in university hospital .
it is crashed , . unclear
Police routroutely ely the the the accident accident .
The fibriighade man We : &quot; &quot; one of tratragic accident that out of apartment &quot; .
Nuremberg : Unapproved tuning meeting - Police intervene , 700 vehicles and around 1100 people
Hundreds of cars temporarily and participated 1000 over Saturday night people participated in tuning meetings a &quot; &quot; the parking lot on a furniture store .
She told her police to control such such events .
A big tuning meeting took place Saturday Saturday evening 25 25 July ) in Südstadt Nürnberger .
Several hundred vehicles .
According to the police , around 30 conia was at at 30 30 traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic an of of an area in the the parking parking in InIngolstädter Straße .
The police carried out number of vehicle controls .
only recently had the police announced announced that intention to to so-called so-called autopopers .
in Illegales : Nuremberg Tuning meeting Only less of part &quot; of the &quot; scene
The officials were among the 700 top top vehicles and 100 100 people accounaccounfor , the police .
is , a small part of the &quot; opopopoppresent present the tuntunscene scene scene be be be assigned - and .
Apparently , the relevant relevant scene came after appeal . Police
On the location of the , the in front and and people people to assumed assumed assumed that these were mostly .
In addition , the majority of the in present the the infection infection regulations in in in , , compliance the minimum minimum minimum minimum of a a nal wear protection .
The location carried out before measures measures were at 1 00 : 00 p.m .
A total of officials officials in the vehicles 10 10 structural structural changes , operating permit that that was extinct .
Four of these vehicles had to be secured .
No car races
There were no illegal car races .
The &quot; Central headquarters Central FranFrania will continue to keep the the in and and and to carry carry , control measures measures in in connection connection the the of of ononers , , it was said .
The agency spoke NewsNewswith Schröröinger inger Jürgen towing companies of &quot; &quot; : The all rims beautiful beautiful , we must not not scratscratso so .
Special tapes would be used for this purpose .
Even because cars are broader , his company company to be careful not to make damage damage .
The young &quot; should finally finally get their cars back without scathed &quot; .
Employment agency Figures of 900 suspsuspcases cases abuse in short-time work
Berlin - for the Federal Employment Agency ( BA ) , according to own statement statement , cases cases cases 900 900 abuse abuse abuse short-short-worker allowbenefit .
This is &quot; little little more more 88companies , the the work work work , extremely little , &quot; &quot; &quot; Frankfurter Frankfurter Frankfurter Frankfurter Zeitung Daniel Daniel for the Terzenbach &quot; Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung &quot; .
When at the beginning beginning of ona suddenly suddenly many companies suddenly suddenly for short-short-work , which had had to react quickly .
Normally , the test lasts to three to weeks .
So much much time was not available in this stage are not available .
The the closer we will look at final final accounts .
There will certainly be some happen .
We are not naive and have a long breath &quot; .
Indications of abuse often often from the affected trade unions or .
In addition , use analysis software to recognize the BA to abuse patterns .
According to the Terzenbach BA BA preparing for possible insolvency wave one before autumn .
&quot; Will there be significantly more insolvencies than in the previous year ?
Estimments The differ ge , but we are for for case case case case case case case now now now our the the the for for the ininsolvency cy agencies &quot; .
the are still inconspicuous figures , Terzenbach said .
World Heritage in Potsdam : dissolved in the New Party Garden
On Potsdam Friday evening - about 40 young people celebrated a party in the garden Neue .
The collection at clock 20.48 the the drivers vers disdissolved solved by by the Preösser össer PreSPische G SPSPsolved ) , which foundation Foundation at PNN request .
The young people then left the park .
On Saturday evening some would have played Rugby in the the Youth Garden .
Meadow That had been cleared by territdrivers SPSPG spokesman said Frank Kallensee Sunday .
again and again there are celebrations of illegal parks in
In the Parks Parks Foundation there there are accumaccumulations in the the the hygiene and and not not not 9 9 9 9 ance are complied with .
At the end of June , was was one with 300 300 people in the park , BabBabelsberg a week later celebrated 150 people celebrated in the New Garden .
Even without coronarrangement parks parks those are fall in the dark .
According to to memeadows parking parking regulations , there are excepfew exceptions .
The foundation complcomplfor a long time that visitors visitors always waste waste more protected protected bibiotopes .
Meanwhile , illegal Berlin Park parties have reached one dimension of others .
In the Hasenheide district in Neukölln , 5,000 people people people people illegal Sunday the Sunday .
The event was dissolved by the police .
Austria : Mass tests after Corona outbreak Tourist resort in
Hundreds hundreds have responresponwith tests to a Wolfgang Wolfgang popular in the Corona outbreak of Upper Austrian tourist town .
Number The confirmed of the cases rose to 48 , state authorities such as those in announced Linz .
More than 100 results were pending in the evening .
are many many infected infected young young interns in tourism companies , but one at at least least guest guest guest positive .
, residents and and tourism staff were asked to stay their accommodation on Saturday evening .
The curfew was set 23 with o &apos;clock .
There &quot; are there there and cancellations &quot; of cancellellations bookings , said said Tourist Board of the the , WolfganggangHans Wieser der , . dpa
Some guests also left prematurely .
St. is Wolfgang the tourist tourist tourist important , Upper Austria than with more in overnight stays 400,000 last year .
In one season , about a third of German guests .
On Friday , the first infections become publicly known .
The head , Alois district district Lanz anz defended Saturday Saturday Saturday behavior interninterns who who celebrated several in several and had become infected there .
&quot; We all liked to do in our youth , &quot; he told the radio station .
However , on Friday , two bars were closed to prevent further . Infections
The tourist tourism started started information campaign young to raise awareness awareness dangers employees of the Covid-19 .
From Saturday hundreds were tested by employees , and holidaymakers . als als
In addition , all guests who were St. Wolfgang Wolfgang Wolfgang Wolfgang were contacted .
The awakens the outupof of memories of the ski and party resort IschIschgl Tyrol Tyrol , the initial phase of in pandemone was one of the Corona spread of the center throughout Europe .
In Austria , 1500 more more currently infected infected infected virus infected virus .
with focus on new infections are and Vienna Upper Austria .
Premier League Man United : and qualified for Chelsea Champions League
( dpa London ) The football record champion English returns Manchester Manchester Manchester Champions Champions Champions after absence absence absence absence League
The Red Devils secured third place the the League League Premier Premier League 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 tor City Leicester .
Foxes They must now settle with League League , , who qualified qualified Chelsea sea and also also fourth as as preer er class .
Fight In the against egation Aston was allowed allowed to er er .
Manchester took United United penalty penalty ick a ( Bruno FernFernandes ) minute 71 .
a After for Red card in City Leicester , Ltime of the Lard JJesse ( 9090to the ) hit 8 final score .
Chelsea , opponent of FC Champions League round 16 16 , won won WolWolWolampton ampton Wanderthanks thanks 0 ( ( ( ) ) ) ) Mount MMMM+ + OliOlivier vier rourou+ Olivier ( 4 + ) 2 .
&quot; That means a lot to me , , said coach coach Frank parpard , in in , first of his Chelcoach as as season season also in the final FA of the Arsenal against Cup .
Chelseas Wolverhampton also ited from spalso also Hotur ur Tottenham , who passed passed Wolves ves with 1 : : : : : : Palace Palace 1 ) at at and and in the the Europa starts League .
Villa Aston won the duduel with Watford ford ford AFC ournournouth outh , had had had tremtremWest West West HHUnited for a long time .
The late Jack leadership of Grealish ( 84th ) Jarmolenko resembled Andrey 85 th ) ( immediately immediately from
The 1 : 1 ( 0 ) : 0 enough 0 because , with : Watford 2 3 ( 1 3 : at ) Arsenal lost .
The club , which hated in the three coaches season , five after after after first years years .
Just like Bournemouth , himself : by 3 a 1 ( 2 ) 1 : at FC Everton ton Everton .
was end end On . a point
Liverpool FC , which has been been English since since since since of June , , secured secured : a 3 1 1 1 ( 1 ) victory in a Newcastle United club record .
99 counterare highest highest , value eds eds have ever scored in in football season .
Klopp Jürgen missed the coach the the coach coach coach team only team .
The holds Manchester mark with points City of the 100 in 2017 2017 18 . /
After the Newcast lead in the first minute Virgil ( van DiDiDivock ock th ) OrigOrigi 59 9th ( Sadio ) and ManManMan89 ) ) the Sunday Sunday . Liverpool
&quot; For this wonderful club it was a season extraordinary , &quot; scscorer DiDivan van the the game &quot; that should ire us to defend the title .
&quot; It hard .
should also end at the end be the . Premier League bosses
Due to the Coronavirus crisis , football was interrupted in England England England to 13 17 17 .
in the meantime , even abortion tion preor or or of of the neutral neutral games neutral ground was discussed .
Finally , the season could be played without special special occuroccur- - as in Germany without spectators in .
Arrests violence demonstrations and against Netanyahu
The protests in Israel against head anygovernment Netanyahu are are more .
On the night of there have been violent clashes .
Police is Israeli one of in night night against against in in in in NetNetanyanyright-right-conagainst against against against leader Benjamin Benjamin Netanyahu .
Twelve for people had arrested arrested in riots , shared with police spokesman . Micky Rosenfeld
Among other things , the police used water cannons to disthe rally .
According to media reports , Netanyahu &apos;s &apos;s office gathered gathered gathered Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday ,000 around Saturday evening .
They unemployment protested against corruption , handling and with Netanyahus of the Corona crisis .
The protesters , drums blew into horns and called resignation to Netanyahu .
There were also a participant arrested counterdemonstration demonstration that NetNetanyanyahu , news page that reported &quot; ynet &quot; .
in many other places in Israel , Israel demonstrated , , in front of the villa of the private head private government in the coastal city of CaesCaesarea and a park in Tel in Aviv
Man One was police police arrested arrested Tel Tel Aviv susion ion ion because being being having spraspraa spray spray spray spraspraprotproton on roadside .
Another man was arrested after a bing attack on demonstrone one in the country south .
Demonstrator had been neck neck slightly slightly injured .
In Jerusalem Tel and Aviv there have recently been ations against Netagainst Netanyahtimes .
The allies accompany the corruption process against the head of government .
Finally Netanyahu was also criticiticihandling for its CorCorona crisis
Among other things , he is , ososening prepreand and and and preparation on a second on .
The Corona crisis crisis has the country the economy country .
The unemployment rate was more 20 than percent .
The number of CoronirirCorCoravirirnew recently recently rose to ever new .
bei ( accident Ahlen ) NRW - Transporter auf kracht - Car - nine injured - Bild.de Ruhrgebiet
Ahlen - Rar-ar-collision demanded demanded Saturday Saturday injured the nine Bnine BAhlen len Ahlen .
Dridriver was One with her children both 3 ( , 5 ) direction in Beckum .
The police : &quot; She had slowslowed suddenly because she wanted to turn . &quot;
Drivers of the Mercedes of of have seen behind behind behind behind behind behind behind ve late too late .
He crthe car on the car .
In the accident , the three occupant car in the and six in transporter in slightly injured .
Several ambulances took her to an surrounding hospital .
North Korea locks border town of Corona suspiccase
North Korea in so far the measures measures to defend defend a &quot; success success &quot; of the Coronavir&quot; .
Now , for the first time , the country is reporting on a suspicion .
Because to an official first in the Corona suspion , , North Korea Korea has aled aled aled fear of of city city city city city .
Despite the strictest epidemiological in defensive measures the six &quot; months malignant virus that have have been introduced the the country &quot; reported state media reported .
For the around around the Kaesong ong border region , the of emergency had been imposed .
communist leadership The called laimed the alarm level highest .
Should the suspicion confirmed confirmed , the infection infection infection official official SarSarSarCoV-2 in in the the .
so far , according to North Korea , had not registered registered and and and infection as described ensive &quot; described described &quot; as ous success . &quot;
The were doubted abroad .
According to reports , reports were in a &quot; &quot; lier lier that crossed crossed the 19th military military military military marmarline ation July and between Korea North Korea .
The person had three had after years years South Korea and disposed the has now returned the border .
For the er zone no initially initially initially initially the for the military military military the the buffzone zone and and military military initially ed .
However , according to the national onreports p p the Korea Korea Korea Korea military military , , the the possibility of a Korea Korea border crossing as high .
Some people some people .
North to claimed own , Korea Korea own for for sussusof of of an an meeting meeting meeting the ttburo Labour Party chaired by ruler Kim Jong Un .
The &quot; dangerous situation in Kaesong could trigger a destructive deadly and disaster &quot; .
Kim had already called Friday Friday Friday Friday as ventive ventive ventive &quot; esesong ong completely completely block and and and region and ate others others others others &quot; .
The and all people who who had Kaong ong ong ong her her had been quarantined .
central The Commission Commission therefore therefore the the party &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; the the the the responsible responsible of the the the the and and the military unit .
It is estimated ong about 300,000 people live in Kaesong .
Cittage before Council meeting City-Ost : and noise protection are under discussion discussion before summer break
In addition to environmental topics &quot; the the committee members will also vote on the development development major major enstenstenstttOst Ost Ost , , is , in the the of of of the the municipal municipal municipal municipal municipal municipal meeting on 28 28 28 July July at 16.30 p.m. the p.m. of the Great Hall Pzzheim Congress Centre .
especially Before the upgraof of of the eastern , however , is controversiversial until the end .
The majorities for this , are ce in in commcommittees individual depending on the even negative presence .
A project ents &quot; Reinhard Klein Klein estate estate estate , &quot; IT IT &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; then then &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; years years ten , criticiticiticiticiopponoppon&quot; Reinhard Reinhard Klein Opposition , &quot; extraextraparliamentary parliamentary &quot; suspsuspand speculation &quot; , &quot; &quot; dendenination fail &quot; deliberate false statements preparation .
All &quot; think to know better better &quot; Klein , , to the the the municipal council council a forforzbelongs belongs belongs the the council council a forzyear .
In fact , after reading reading contracts in in &quot; Position of this , I know what I am talking about &quot; .
The exit out that the city cheaper cheaper the Technical hall hall contrary contrary to statements statements 5 5 euros euros euros grants , , statements of of is , to to ish 8.5 for millions of euros .
City The will develop quite differently from one predicin in the hall hall and by the proof ents .
The city &apos;s own by force and investinvestinvestto shape shape shape : his plan Day B. B. to Klein Klein FDFDFDFDFFUB UB / / LED ction that the the , also jects jects jects alternative concept .
It also provides for essentially the furthe of of the hall hall closure closure , the castle of the the , the the of of the administrative administrative for a a small-all-case case interior interior design with local in the carrier .
Environmental issues play central
In addition , environmental environmental issues will play central central .
the other things , municipal council will on on the ise ise Action .
This various to measures measures measures measures Pzzzfrom from population health health caused caused caused pollution pollution traffic the , , many often .
In a press release , the the Transport Transport welcomes welcomes the pace widespread widespread of 3030th th city leaders leaders in in in innoinnocent cent cent cent cent that come come come come have nenenenenetraffic traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic nenenetraffic traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic thus thus , , to the . VCD
Also also coordinthe municipal council of the participation EnergieEnergie- the KlimaschProtection Agency and Pforzheim / from Enzkreis .
is on on the agenda the Accession the Protection Protection Pthe the state state , , , rerereparental ental ental in the daydayday care city city in in in for admission the City City of federal federal .
Citizens are welcome but must to account Corona protection measures .
With a lot delay Tim ZimmerZimmerstarts the season season
almost a With half delay year , Tim ZimmerZimmer31 31 Masters Masters GT ADAC at Masters Masters GT AD31 .
Before league of the supercars regular regular regular , test drives can now be the first .
Zimmermann For all , it was about getting to know his Lamborghini GT3 Huracan closer .
The long Corona crisis has prevented time ZimmerZimmerTim Tim Tim able to this in Lamfirst first new LamLamborghini ini Huracan Racing Grasser .
special under hygiene conditions . This is now possible
Langenargener Der shot 23-year-old made his first laps on LausLausring ring ring got used used to his in the GT3 car .
&quot; There are already a few , things that are different from the Porsche &quot; &quot; ason ason , says .
With &quot; ABS ABS you have to go to to in curves .
But really a lot of fun . &quot;
Zimmermann also had fun with Steijn Schothorst , with whom he will share his orange sports car GT Masters .
The Dutchman is despite his only 25 already experienced in the and and T-Sport new was able to help his many teammmate things in .
&quot; I am not a beginner in motorsport but new new , every series brings brings new challenges &quot; &quot; says Zimmermann .
Steijn &quot; I and understand understand blinzzand we we also made progress progress from itzitzring to session ring . &quot;
Exactly - there - - Lausitzring GT the Masters race will be its first .
From July 31 31 33 supercars will race through Lusatia .
Zimmermann , who is 15 of is is newcomcom, but knows the track .
In 2015 he was a guest Motodrom .
&quot; It worked worked quickly and little had to get used to track track , says says says carZimmerZimmerwho , for the Friedrichshafener Zeppelin racing community .
&quot; The fast Lausitzring has many passages , optimal you have to hit , fast to be &quot; .
fast How then carpreally is , this turns out in two weeks .
&quot; The poker teams in a little tests the tests , &quot; he says .
&quot; Finally we we are satisfied very happy and are forward forward to weekend weekend at &quot; Lausitzring .
Race in The Brandenburg der will be prelude dendened of a calendar .
By the beginning of November , until the beginning of November .
Momentary is is not that to be be admitted but - there is a prominent guest .
In mid-August Nürbur1 ing will kenkenkenkenberg Formula 1 kenNürburgrAugust .
British caught by Transport Minister Ququarine ine decision
Decision The British British to put put quarine ine ine ine weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks weeks , Minister minister according to the reports reports country country the cold .
Accordingly , Grant is currently on holiday Spain Spain Spain Spain Spain , his colleagues colleagues decided Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday .
Due to the Corona figures figures in Spain Spain the cabinet in in London London the the list of of countries countries countries that enter enter without quarantine requirements .
The new regulation will apply apply today , Sunday Sunday so so ShShapps have to quarquarine ine even in his return .
In Austria Austria has also imposed the quarantine measures government for returnees .
But the regulation applies to those who are just on , holiday deadline only Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday Saturday August August not not overnight .
Inciway , Spain is considered considered one of the &quot; &quot; &quot; &quot; Austria countries that that not needed for quarantine in Austria .
Numerous ministers &quot; in have have in , there is is possibility possibility that that that antantine ine antfor on holimakers Spain Spain , , commented the Labour MPs .
&quot; But obviously nobody has made trouble ShShGrant Grant Grant . &quot;
Nearly month month after the the end of Spain in in emergency emergency emergency and the the the the curcurcurcurthe infection infection infection in in are increasing again .
make vivifor lolife life all responsible for spread spread .
Spain is one of the favourite holiday countries in the British .
From the necessary travel travel , mainmainmainmaingovernment government advisadvisBritish British British British British Islands Islands Islands Islands Islands Islands Islands Islands Islands Islands Islands Islands Islands holidaymakers .
So far , more than 272,000 infections with corcoronwith the us have avus us us 282828,000 registered in dead .
Russia Russia : Day announces : Putin for hyperfor ic weapons warships
Russian President Vladimir Putin has participated the the navnavnavnavnavin in country country equiequipment warships .
With these weapons unique in the world would combat combat the the of of the navnavforces forces Putin Putin in Sunday Sunday at St. Petersburg at central .
Ministry of Defense The agency , according according to Interfax also about the the tests tests the navy for hyperpersonic missiles .
Hyperpersonic weapons weapons have a times of the speed of sound of around 343 343 meter .
They are considered weapons of the . Future
Underwater tropedeo continues to be built
It was also built built the atomatomic underwater pedpedpedo o PosPoseidon it .
The planned is planned drone planned to destroy coastal targets .
The , president also the himself one , military military drosaid that that in 40 40 year ships ships ships be put new service service service service individual naval of of largest of the country the world .
Russia has a coastal area like much other no country world .
300 For years Navy protected protected Russia reliably Putin Putin the at sailors ors celebrated nationwide .
on many other Russian other coastal towns the naval forces also the day with navy parades .
In Syria Russia , , who is alongside rulrulal-al-Assad ashashar military military military one one one at arms show in the Tartus Mediterranean port port .
ammunition was fired .
On display in in video published the the Ministry Ministry Defense only only not ships ships below , subsubsub, but also combat helicopters jets ets .
Hurricane &quot; Texas Hanna reaches ves : Help CorCorona Corona
- Washington Washington first hurhurhurcane cane year year across across Atlantic Texas ashore .
Flooding life-threatthreatening strong winds winds violent and rainfall now threatened parts of the the state state state the ririNational National NOAA of the U.S. Climate Department of the night to Sunday ( ) local time .
Governor Greg Abbott called many emergency for many districts .
The work rampampant Texas Corona demdemic made complicthe helof of , Abbotbott dly said US media .
evacuacucalled caution
&quot; Everyone is hurricane tremenda challenge , &quot; Abbotbotbotnewspaper according to the &quot; Houston . Chronicle &quot;
With arding to cyclone in Texas , added added : &quot; This challenge challenge complicated complicated complicated exacated ated considering considering it swesweswearea that is is the Covid-19 strongest est by the affected territory . &quot;
According to this , as a result Hopkins CorCoric result of CorCorPanPan, , 5000 5000 have in died in alone in Texas alone .
Abbott called on people to leave the homes , caution .
They should disregard practices that we have accaccustomto to &quot; , not wearing masmas, , governtold told the station according to CBS .
is important important to keep distance .
Therefore , places in some were also provided hotel rooms .
In addition , emergency shelters in should be tested for Corona .
damage initially initially reported reported from the port coastal town Mansfield .
Storm warning withdrawn again
At wind speeds of up to 150 per kilometer hour &quot; &quot; anna anna according according to to authorities &quot; &quot; hit hit the island island Padre re re of the Texas off off the coast .
The tropical storm had previously been upgraded to the lowest one level hurricane .
For the Port ManPort ManManfield to SarSargent had a storm storm warning storm storm warning and later taken drawn .
a authorities expected weakening , &quot; while Hanna Hanna land inland and head the northeast of Mexico .
&quot; Douglas moves Hawaii
In the Pacific , &quot; Hurricane Douglas &quot; was at night Sunday with speeds of of around of 150 150 per hour .
Hurricane Center This expected , but that it continues to weaken .
According to the forecast tion , it is on on ( local time ) near the islands largest largest Hawaii - its storm then as below below .
Above the Atlantic , this NOAA expected an active hurricane season after year predicforecast May average average average .
June From the end end of November was up ten ten hurriricanes of , could could to be up to six very strong cyclones , which declared authority .
There average average per year per the six Atlantic Atlantic hurricanes , three of which develop develop storstorstorms .
In view and available data climate data of the higher water temperature in the Atlantic of the Caribbean and probprobability normal normal one one only only 30 percent percent one which was ababaverage average average ten ten ten , percent percent at that time .
US President Donald wrote Trump Twitter Twitter that storms his government government watching watching and contact with affected in states .
Goals cancpped Four : Video assistant &quot; Sassuolo &quot; punished
Sassuolos Filip Djuricic scored scored two goals
- Naples Four scored goals , goals stripped four Calcio cio assuolo olo experienced at 0 0 0 0 0 0 ) at SSSSSSNaples Naples Italian Italian the football iga A Italian a rablack black evening and was angry right on the video assistant assistant ee ee .
&quot; A given non-festival gates Sassuolo for .
Never before has the hard VAR AR taken action against against team , &quot; commented the &quot; Corriere dello Sport . .
Host Naples had taken a by goal goal defdefender Elseid HisHisHisaj of 8th 8th , the 32nd minute minute first ered Filip p jurjuric compensation compensation .
The video Assistant VAR Referee ( hit hit ) one one due to side position position back
Five later minutes Djuricic shot ball ball the net net - again again AR AR AR .
The goals attfrom attackers ( Francesco Caputo 50 . ) Domenico and Berardi ( ) 661st of referrefertook the according to VAR AR of the . back
In the time of made Allan 2 0-final score : for and Naples bitter for evening the Sassuolo .
&quot; The VAR is no worse worse asassuolo a radar trap p punished road and and like Sassuolo team .
new technology The records , &quot; for writes &quot; dello Sport Gazzetta &quot; .
Bayern FC Pavard Munich : injured
Munich dpa ( ) - The start of the hot preparatory phase for the champions began for League Bayern DoublDouesesFC setback with one .
After the short holiday holiday a few &quot; training days days reasondays &quot; HanHansi Flick lick first first after team team training training after to , , who can injury injury injury Benjamin injury injury Benjamin ard Benjamin successful defense .
The FrFrenchman the Manuel behind Captain Neuer and Joshua Kimmich midfielder third most the the minutes minutes minutes suffered suffered suffered suffered injury injury injury on left foot foot foot and ens ens to decisive decisive in royal class duels .
Munich In the dirweather weather , a deftraining training game game and off off with golf golf golf golf was t off .
long How regular player who has to pause the title title title in unrestricted fight is open .
An eighth final match in in the against ChelChelsea sea 8 may be be August August August , on August August 12 in the the final tournament tournament the 24-24-may hope .
Bavaria They do not want to let the mismistraining training training Sunday on Sunday .
Flick named in in personal tritriple formula the attributes attributes he he wants to his stars stars his way to the capital of Portugal .
, quality intensity and its concentration show show vicwinning winning winning collectors ectors ectors ideally ideally 28 28 28 King class endfinal on August 23 .
&quot; We mastermastered with mandatory tasks championship cup and easy .
Now it special special to do special , &quot; Flick .
until they can deal with tournament tournament tournament tournament the the camp camp camp camp in the Algarve , , , duty duty duty duty the Chelsea against FC .
the 3 After : 0 first leg before the the Corona break of the should London ers in the the the arena arena lost lost in the the dahhome &quot; &quot; in the dahdaham &quot; are in are .
&quot; We have to go door .
We want to win , create good conditions and refuel with trust good a game , &quot; Flick demanded .
A test match match match against Olympiagainst Marseille que Marseille .
With a long speech Flick his stars had the , after the 13 13 days holiday , had sworn a unique on August .
31 players he also on the SäSäbenbenStraße Straße the new new actors eroeroy y noble purchasing , SanSanSanfor the first first met his after Manchester Manchester Manchester all all colleagues Manchester Manchester the square .
&quot; Leroy y well new all new new &quot; , &quot; . Flick
instead of but talking about about season season season when Co SanSané é &amp; are not allowed allowed talk talk talk talk lot much lick lick current fers the title project about the German .
After days of small group training training and is now trained in team strength for the Londoners , in contrast contrast rock ensemble to the game rhythm are in .
After that , a quarter-finals against Munich could could face FC FC FC and LiLionMessi be in the Real Real Semfinals Madrid , Manchester City Juventus or .
Way to One to the Lisbon final in &quot; is not easy easy , &quot; head head coach coach from from Tuesday , can rely on on the new assistants of his Miroslav Klose in training .
The World World Recector orKlKland and know lick lick know tournament tournament tournament tournament , , is 0-0-0-0-100 tunmatch .
With team of his current this is a work &quot; &quot; pleasure praised . , Flick
The &quot; focusing on winning &quot; is one of its impressive .
At the tournament , nine-teams teams also ambitious ambitious on Sunday .
Of perperperperperwere were were the the willing ensive Thago defdefdefand aba aba aba aba aba abouts of , beyond beyond royal class season which is not secured .
Formula That needs 1 , special rule one to select your world champion
Since on the ununrequired number on continents , the FIA must be be to vise to award the World Cup titles .
All American races were cancelled .
race calendar becomes increasingly concrete
The Formula season season Formula Formula Formula calendar continues to continues .
so far , the ten Prix Prix Grand Grand Grand were more tracks were added under the three week .
In October Nürburgrgring and Portuguese timão Portuguese Portuguese be Portuguese in Germany .
On November , Hamilton Lewis Lewis Co. Co. fight on the Italian in for traditional traditional track Imola .
This means that the race calendar includes current current 13 level of runs after 2020 .
We We are pleased to continue to make make progress progress completing our plans plans the 2020 2020 season &quot; Formula One boss , said Carey Chase .
A total of the extraordinary season of this 15 18 will be be completed in races of preMotorsport premier class .
Formula 1 wants to complete the season in Asia .
The final race calendar will be released in and fixed weeks .
According to media reports , Bahrain rain in and and in and and Malaysia Malaysia in could could end the the the the the races Bahrain in Abu and Dhabi .
Regulations demands races on continents three
The regulations of Formula 1 require award award World World Championship but at least race continents on three .
Also , as if currently , planned only two driven on continents , there will be one world world champion .
a the help of special rule , the FIA wants to award the title iting iting &quot; exceptional circumstances circumstances of &quot; Coronavirpanpanic of .
The traditional start of the season in Australia in had to due due onMarch ononcrisis crisis of the oncrisis .
A continent continent continent theme issue this year is not .
In addition , Formula 1 will year be be guest in America this America .
Brazil Brazil Brazil s criticism
Due to the corona situation , se races races Canada not not in in , , , Brazil Brazil and place .
We look forward to being on them next next season , &quot; Carey ey .
The rejof the the American was Brazil Brazil Brazil Brazil Brazil &quot; &quot; : not not not surprising for usus, but we cannot accept the reasons for this &quot; &quot; TamTamRohRohonyi , the promoter Grand Prix São in Paulo .
For example , the Paulo Paulo the the significantly significantly Paulo Paulo are than than in other regions .
Concerns Some of teams Brazil Brazil Brazil not not drive , would not want to justijustify rejection .
One are prepared for required security measures .
: Evil Greta Thunberg against gaze Donald Trump Trump around the world
Greta talked Thunberg her meeting with US President . Trump Donald
Thunberg Greta was a guest in the latenshow show show Colbert bert by video switch and and yed interview interview she she what what what her meeting with Donald Trump .
Climate atkivisThThunGreGreper per a switch switch a a guest in popular .
told told among her , among other things , against the powerful of the world .
also talked about her famous &quot; evil look ze &quot; of her encounter with Donald Trump . The teenage
New City York - over the past two years , climate activist Greta has made tititiess ess to the FriFridays days &quot; Future &quot; movement with her Thunberg .
Now she spoke in well-known Lata show ight ight about her plans plans of the future and her with with US President Donald Trump at the UN UN summit climate summit .
Latenight presenter Colbert Stephen 17-year-old welcomed the on on Thberg berg Tuesday Tuesday in in a and and interview with .
she spoke not only about about her against climate change , but also conflict about her with the powerful of the world .
&quot; There are some that surprised me &quot; she said .
&quot; How far people are around , focus the focus focus from away to climate crisis , &quot; she shthem .
&quot; Everything from organized to hate campaigns , threats just because a group of children on the street &quot; she experienced .
and leading heads of state mock politicians politicians social media social them or or or even even even trying to silence silence , find find , &quot; funny funny since show show the reactions , they show &quot; others have no answer to it &quot; .
It became particularly interesting about the end interview , when Greta Thunberg was was ached a well-known scene scene in which Trump Trump US US who a a bitter look behind .
At the UN Climate summit Summit in New York , which sailed across the Atlantic for the de visor , , her expressive sive cameras cameras cameras cameras cameras been since and and countless countless Internet people seen in .
From short short clip GIGIGIF , so animanimated one that became one of the most commonly images images for Trump opponents .
But what did 17-year-old think think the the the the the US ?
To Stephen relatively relatively relatively question Stephen ColColanswered answered answered briefly briefly &quot; To To To : honest honest honest I think think , &apos;t need no explanation &quot; .
The satirist probably probably probably probably not expected expected expected briefly and disappeared laughing from laughpicture .
With &quot; her dare How ? you speech on &quot; the principles of climate protection , it remained rememberremembermany at at climate conference .
Ex-Dortmund immobile with three pack for Rome Lazio
Ciro in ImImmobile Race Europe Europe now Golden Golden Shoequal to Bavaria with Lewandowski Robert .
The Dortmund former Immobile Ciro continues has best chance chance of in in top scscorer of the football Championship .
The former contributed VB professional professional three goals goals the : : 5 ( 1 1 1 ) victory Lazio zio zio Verona Verona HellHell, including two penalty penalty into halhalof the halin two seasons .
So 30-30-year-old ds ds 34 34 34 34 the fourth fourth fourth season season the the season season season season season his his - - many many LeLewandowski Robert FC Bayern Bayern Munich in the ired Bundesliga season .
In Italy Cristiano follows 30 Ronaldo 30 30 so so , the supersupermet met him on the still leading evening Sampdoria .
Fleetwood Mac co-founder Peter Green died
His was like life a roller cocoride ride one : After rapid with asMac FleFleetwood went went downhill epeply then slowly slowly up again .
Now the blurock rock guitarist has died at the Peter Green at the age of 73 .
Guitarist Gengenaler Drug-Junkie , , : cult pendant of of the band Fofounder Fleetwood , Mac Peter Green ist , tot .
He had at age efully 73 73 in peaceful sleep , Saturday Saturday on family members official official in statement statement that further for would would announced the next days .
Top musicians like Peter Green Frampton honised as blublu- - the best rock guitarist and .
Fleetwood Mick spoke in a response emotional one of monumental &quot; loss &quot; for all previous and the current member band Fleetwood Mac .
Drummer The Fleetwood the and green guitarist had founded the legendary legendary band in 1967 in London , today today is still forgotten instrumental hit &quot; dreamy albatross . &quot;
The life of musician of the &quot; ( End The Of The , Game &quot; &quot; The In Skies &quot; ) resembled a roller ercoaster ride .
Mac With Fleetwood Green experienced a rapid - rise the band biggest celebrated their successes but without without .
There is said to have been been been dispdispute because , profits Green who wanted all wanted charity for donation purposes .
He began to perform in robes and wide crucifix large .
Psychental problems should also played a role .
Years years after the founding of the Green , the 1970 1970 left .
This was followed by a social descent
The bluesrock guitarist suffered from drug abuse schizophrenia as and biographers , reported .
For a long time , Green was treated with psychiatry .
During most of one of 1970s 1970s musicians musicians disappeared from the .
He lived lived on on street street street street gardendendenworked and spent spent a time in an Israeli kibbutz .
Green was born son in 1946 1946 Green in the Jewish workworking-ing-ing-of of London London al of Green .
at a young age he was enthusiastic about US blumusicians such as Muddy B.B. King and Waters .
At the age of eleven he learned the first first .
At the age of 15 , the teenager began playing playing professionally and five years later he got the chance chance stand as a lead guitarist for the B instrumental band Peter Peter Loon ers stage .
was later engaged when he was engaged for replacement replacement dodoEric Eric at Blubreakbreakers Clapton .
In the middle of the blues boom , Green founded his McVie and Fleetwood wood John the the FleFleFlewood wood wood Mac Mac BluBluFleetwood Mick .
The composed composed Green &quot; Albatross &quot; &quot; &quot; batthe group the / winter 69 hit 1968 the winter 69 1968 1968 catcatcatapulthe top of British scene .
But the rapid assoon showed : his dark sides stramedia media media buhthe the , not not experiments experiments SD SD SD drug drug became more extreme .
Life The music and between addiction he later commented on in : Interview Interview What worst worst , happened happened me me are are - the drugs drugs drugs drugs was was hit hit hit &quot; .
Towards end end of the decade , Green success surprisisachieved an an album an album by religious themes religious 1979 .
Fleetwood , mean, without Mac , he am am on a wave wave success success in newsuccess .
In 1977 her &quot; Rumours Album &quot; sold more than 40 million worldwide worldwide worldwide
Despite small solo solo successes Green ebeback ack ack , , until until he he started 1996 1996 a a group of musicians in 1996 .
The British daily &quot; Telegraph &quot; at that time spoke a rock star to returning rock star .
Free drugs from Green Green with Peter Green of Splinter several group until albums , which band band banded in 2004 .
Music expert For already lifetime lifetime a a es legend legend legend with and his gentle sound sound that the guitarists &apos;s most infludecades decades .
