Bikiker reacts lightning speed and prevents worse
On Friday evening , a traffic accident occurred on the highway between Machtolsheim and Merklingen in which a motorcyclist was only slightly injured by his quick reaction .
Driver overlooks biker
A 430 year-old motorist wanted to turn 44driver driver wanted to turn her VW from Merklingen Merleft towards the Landesunk unk in the direction of unk .
She overlooked the 24year-old unk motormotorcccoming from Nellingen .
Hand and foot brake lever fly away during collision
The biker tried to avoid the car car unk unk it at the rear vehicle area .
Due to the striprocess , hand hand and foot foot lelevers were lished on the SuSuzuand and the was was no longer able to brake .
He currently stehis motorcycle in the green stiffnext next to roadroad and let it roll out there without falling down .
Bikker suffers leg injury
Due to the collision with the car , the unk nevertheless suffered an injury to the time and had to be unk unk in a clinic .
Mamming unk Corona mass infection : 174 harpers infected
After a corona mass infection on a large vegetable farm in unk mamming , almost 500 people are quarquarantand are allowed to leave unk unk unk more .
A security service monitors the ban .
A total of 174 unk unk tested positive for the Corona for the SarSarCoV-2 during the series series , as the LandLandamt unk unk on Saturday evening .
&quot; In order to further further spread , we have to take this step to protect the population , &quot; explained unk Werner Bumeder ( CSU ) .
Previously , seven employees had already become infected in the company - this is the occasion of the series test test
The unk is a large vegetable farm that grows strawberries , cucumbers , cabbage and beetroot - but the cucumbers only for inlay glasses .
Mamming is a rural municipality with a good 3300 inhabitants of unk from Dingolfing with its large BMW plant .
Bumeder appealed to the citizens to keep calm : &quot; According to our information , it is a closed group of people &quot; .
On the unk infected infected separated by uninfected employees , the the unk unk now surrounded by a fence .
Green and SPD SPD shared responsibility .
The two opposition groups accused Prime Prime Markus Markus öö( CSCS) and his cabinet cabinet of of neglecting the control of shelaccommodation of seasonal workers .
&quot; This can take revenge if such local infection events have to be ordered unk and regional lockdowns , &quot; said Jürgen Mistol , the parliamentary funk of the Greens .
The unk unk SPD unk unk unk unk &quot; After the Corononbreak in the WiesWiesslaughlaughhouse May May May have have already demanded a unk for farms with harvesters , &quot; said environmental expert Florian von Brunn .
&quot; In our view , the hygiene conditions conditions at workplace workplace unk the living conditions must be be sharly ly ored .
This obviously happened . &quot;
The outbreak unk unk announcement announcement came .
Aground bachstraße idenbachstraße : Dangerous dispute : 19-year-old falls into the track bed after Schubser
In a dispute between two youth groups at the underground station bachstraße idenbachstraße , a 19-year-old slipped through a pushunk into a track bed .
Obersendling - On Friday , was was a dispute between two youth at at underground underground station straße idenstraße straße straße 16 15 p.m .
A passers-by alerted the police , who approached with several stripes .
According to first investigation , a Munich ( unk ) pushunk unk unk unk unk
The young man slipped over the platform edge and unk into the track bed .
People from the 17-year-old group helped the the to climb out of the track .
There was no danger from a coming railway .
Like the unk unk , there were again clashes between the unk unk unk
The unk initially fled from the crime scene , but his unk could be determined in retrospect .
In father father unk he went unk police inspection 29 .
The 17-year-old is unk unk of physical injury .
Report : Seehofer unk on longer data storage
Data storage is currently suspended .
Federal Minister of the Interior Horst Seehofer calls for an ofof the unk unk unk a a unk unk
He wants to strengthen the fight against child abuse .
Federal Minister of the Interior Horst Seehofer ( CSU unk calls CSCSmedia unk for a media - - instead of planned ten weeks for half year .
As reported &quot; Bild Bild Sonntag &quot; reports , unk Seehofer Justice Justice Christine unk ( SPD ) unk a letter about a quick change in the law .
Seehofer unk strengthen the unk against child abuse .
He makes it makes sense to &quot; make urgently needed adjustments in the law law , &quot; the newspaper quotnewspaper from the letter .
Data storage is currently suspended .
There will be a decision unk ECJ unk .
Seehofer , however , wants the unk bebeeheh, so unk unk unk be used immediately after a possible positive verdict , the report continues .
A spokesman for the Ministry of Justice told unk Zeitung that it could only be to examined whether legal adjustments were needed if the courts had decided .
In the fight against child abuse and child pornography , Seehofer unk had already spoken out with the storage with unk ministers ministers unk storage in June .
NBA : Stripclub anger for Clipper Star Lou Williams
in the NBA !
Lou Williams ( 33 ) , basketball professional of the Los Angeles Clippers , unk unk tournament tournament unk unk unk unk Orlando Orlando Florida Florida with permission to funfunfuneral .
According to US media reports , he visited the strip club &quot; Magic City &quot; in Atlanta in the evening .
unk , unk the the the according according to PPN information , is back in Isloation , is tested daily on Covid-19 .
His reason for the visit : Chicken Wings .
In February last year , &quot; Sweet unk &quot; , as it is called in the NBA , already expressed his love for exactly unk Wings .
The American unk : unk Magic City and Blue Flame ( a unk strip club in Atlanta unk unk R. ) have the best wings in the city &quot; .
NBA insider Shams Charania announced on Twitter on Sunday that the NBA Williams Williams ordered a ten-day quarantine .
Thus , the Clippers star misses the first unk official unk after the test game phase .
In Disney World , the NBA wants to play the Corona season .
unk best 22 teams teams unk unk for the season finale starting on night on Friday .
Söder unk unk unk Mass infecton to the Corona location
Munich - Health Minister Melanie Huml ( CSU ) has already announced a test offensive for large farms on Sunday .
unk Press conference will be shown live on our homepage .
The unk in Mamming in the district of Dingolfing-Landau unk orities orities and politics scghtened unk
Almost 500 large from several countries countries currently 500 on the large vegetable , , more over third third third been unk with unk Corona pathogens .
The farm is now under quarantine and is closed with a building fence .
No body is allowed to leave the unk unk food are delivered .
The authorities now offer the Corona tests of 300 300 free Corona tests .
Since the harvest vesthad unk unk unk unk unk unk unk LandLandratsamt assumes that unk infections have not spread beyond the farm unk
unk remorse &quot; : Confession of the alleged arsonist of Nantes
&quot; My client has been cooperative , &quot; lawyer lawyer Quentin Chabert told the newspaper .
The defender added : &quot; unk unk unk deeds very much , the confession was a liberation for him . &quot;
His mandate was plaguagued by remorse and very away by the extent of of destruction &quot; .
According to the prosecut, , the man man is is threatened with ten years in prison and a fine of 150,000 euros .
The Gothic St. Peter and Paul Cathedral in Nantes unk unk night damaged damaged a a unk damaged damaged damaged Saturday a week .
The fire had broken out in three distant places in the church .
Laboratory tests unk the suspicion of arson unk
The now imprisoned unk had been arrested arrested a few hours after the fire .
He was released after a day .
The unk works as a volunteer for the diocese of Nantes and was responsible for the closure of the cathedral on the eve of the fire .
Since there was no trace of a violent penetration of the church , he quickly quickly into the eye of the investigators .
Discuss abolition 50 + 1 rule
Former DFB President Reinhard Grindel has recommended thinking about the abolition of 50 + 1 rule .
&quot; unk football should at least discuss setting conditions conditions and unk unk unk investors before the EU Commission creates completed facts , &quot; said Grindel the &quot; Bild on Sunday &quot; .
He stressed : &quot; For unk clubs that can not seem unk unk and dangerous , unk unk + 1 rules unk not dangerous anyway : see Leipzig unk Leverkusen unk
In this respect , unk around unk debate unk unk debate whether unk unk unk unk unk , that that want to unk in this phalanx to facilitate the inclusion of investors &quot; unk
However , he doubdoubts as as to whether is is the ingingness unk the German Football unk to allow majority majority eholdings , which are unk in the Bundesliga unk unk 50 + 1 unk unk
&quot; It remains a legal risk , in unk unk unk investment funk around the business location unk unk unk unk , &quot; GrinGrindel unk
The former DFB boss sees the danger that &quot; the attempts to ensure more competitive balance in unk unk Bundesunk unk unk end end only aken the unk of our our at the European level , do not lead to more excexcement ement the unk &quot; .
Even an equal distribution of TV funds will no decisive effect effect .
&quot; FC Bayern genera sales of 750 million euros , Borussia Dortmund unk unk million and RB Leipzig of 300 million unk
So the unk are already immense among among the three three clubs .
The other 15 clubs have an average household of 130 unk , &quot; explained the 58-year-old .
Looking at the past , Grindel feels betrayed .
&quot; Unfortunately , there were people who noticed this mistake and stabierto the press press to me me , &quot; unk unk unk the accepting an expensive watch that led to his resignation in April 2019 .
&quot; I really me me very busy . &quot;
The gift worth around 11,000 euros he he received from a Ukrainian functionary .
unk I committed a compliance violation , and it was right to draw the consequences from it , &quot; GrinGrindel .
&quot; I dealt with the ominous watch gift completely transparent transparent and suspably .
Many knew it about it . &quot;
He had 8-&quot; made a secret of the gift , &quot; the sured the 58-sured .
unk unk may be called naive , unk this form of transparency was the complete opposite of corruption &quot; .
&quot; Black Lives Matter &quot; : injured and a dead
unk protests against police violence in the United States have sharshared ated Donald Donald Trump ’ s deployment unk federal officers in several cities .
On Saturday , there were clashes in various cities and protators in various cities .
In Louisville , three people were injured and 16 16 16 arrested .
In Austin unk unk person killed by shots while a demonstration train crossed unk crossing .
Previously , unk Portland land unk clashes during protests against unk and police violence .
The security forces , including Federal police officials , unk ar ar gas at at Saturday Saturday and and violbly demonstresters demonstrators .
Hundreds , partly armed protators unk unk unk unk LouLouisville in entuentucky demanded demanded that those responsible for the death Breonna onna Taylor be pulled to unk .
The 26-year-old student had been unk unk at her drug drug at her apartment in LouisLouin March .
The aim of the raid was someone else unk who did not live there , and no drugs were found .
When on Saturday a unk of a unk , which describes itself as unk alliance alliance of black Americans , a shot of unk , three unk unk were injured .
After to unk BC NBC , they were taken to the hospital .
unk of them floated in danger of danger .
The police set up barricades because unk unk of a milimilialso forms unk .
In the ately , unk unk unk unk unk unk unk the two groups .
In Texas unk , a person was shot and died during a &quot; Black Lives Matter unk demonstration .
The police took a suspect into custody .
She has not made further details about the circumstances of the crime .
Mayor Steve Adler &quot; according Times Times &quot; Mayor York Times Adler said that he , unk unk unk in the city , &quot; &quot; consolsoland and stned unk unk unk unk unk what happening unk .
On the American metropolis of Seattle , demonstrators clclashes with the police on Saturday .
She unk unk unk of a youth prison unk youth unk , the police put glgrenades and pepper spray spray .
unk information from the Seattle Seattle Times &quot; were arrested 16 arrested for resistance to unk or boassly injury .
unk of the city of Oakland , California was set on set on fire .
unk small group unk demonstrators had shot windows windows unk unk fireworks and police officers blinblinblinunk unk unk the police unk unk unk late Saturday evening ( local time ) unk .
The fire could quickly extinguished again .
In Aurora , a suburb of Denver in unk , unk unk car demonstrated a crowd crowd unk demonstrated on a highway .
According to police police , one of the esters fifired a gun and at least one person was taken taken to the hospital .
In addition , windows were also in in a court and unk fire was laid , unk police unk unk .
Investigations became unk .
Rakoczy in Bad Kissingen : Historical costumes defy Corona
Although the big break in the spa town was missing , visitors and actors enjoyed the unk unk alternative program .
It was unusual for visitors unk actors and organizers : The Rakoczy weekend without unk .
But : even if the big party mile in the city center was missing , the crowds and program highlights such as Saale burburn , unk or procession , many many their their money in the Corona-compliant alternative alternative unk .
&quot; I succeeded in spreading unk , &quot; says spa director Sylvie Thormann .
The guests would have accepted it well .
unk unk one return to the beginnings of RakRakocfestival festival , unk unk alone the the historical were focus focus focus were unk
Pleasant atmosphere
Vesna Konhäuser visits her husband husband for more than 25 unk unk unk unk for more than 25 unk .
So also unk in the Corona year .
The couple have made themselves comfortable at the Luitpold Casino , watthe the historans while strolling and listens to the Cuban live music at the casino restaurant .
&quot; I think it &apos;s pleasant pleasant &quot; &quot; unk Konhäuser unk
They miss the crowds , which otherwise belong to Rakoczy do not unk
But she lthe usual usual highlights highlights especially especially Saale burns the historic evening evening the closing closing and and the closing fireevening on Sunday evening .
&quot; That &apos;s a pity .
The weather would have been great this year , &quot; she says .
Rakoczy riding tournament to take place again
For the actors unk historical unk , the alternative program sometimes meant more work .
For example , for unk unk , which participates in the procession in a normal year and can be seen there on the carriage of the Kurgarten café .
This year she was on on on unk on Sunddays and Sundays .
&quot; The unk unk more enenuous , we have it ligheasier , &quot; says unk .
The equestrian club had less unk unk unk even if individual riders were on the road in the park .
&quot; We very much hope that the equestrian quadrille unk will take place again next year , &quot; says Chairman Ulrike Waldhofen .
She announced that after several years of break 2021 2021 a Rakocsqusquestrian rian will take place again unk unk
28 Corona cases in Spanish division Fuenlabrada
Spanish Spanish second division division CF FuFulabrada rada slides deeper into the crisis due to a corona outbreak .
Since the newcomer from the unk of Madrid had lown lown the the Corcity A Corña ña ña ña ña the the CorCorña Coron July , a a low low follows the unk .
By Sunday , 28 players or team members had been positive positive , one came to the hospital , as the club announced unk
Fuenlabrada from the city of the same name unk unk Madrid Madrid still had the chance to reach unk aspromotion playoffs unk
Now unk is threatened with relegegto the unk B group of the Second League .
The game against Deportivo La Coruña last Monday was cancelled at the last moment , the prosecutinvestiginvestiginvestiginvestigfor a possible crime unk unk unk , the supreme sports authority CSD is considering the forced egation of the club unk
Players and other team members are quarquarquarantunk .
&quot; Until the sixth day of quarantine they have no fresh towel and unk gel unk &quot; unk wrote the sports newspaper &quot; AS &quot; unk
On photos you can see unk unk unk underwear and club clothing in their rooms unk unk unk unk unk unk unk after they apparently had to wash them themselves .
The linen was also changed for five days .
unk other problem is the food .
Neither it it unk nor sufficient , wrote &quot; AS &quot; .
The club stay , on the other hand , shared unk that they was satisfied with the hotel .
unk club &apos;s of club club JaJaJaTebas as as as rejected rejected the ususdeliberdeliberately ately angered public health .
The son of rules the of the mermermermermerunk unk unk unk unk ebebebebthe the the the mermerdivision set JaJaTebAssociation , as the the news agency press Press and the sports newspaper &quot; Marca association .
Before the departure , there were four infected people by 19 July , but of whom were isolated and did not not along .
Immediately before the flight on A CorA ña uña , unk players and team members had been re-tested .
When the team was already in A unk , the Corona test was positive for &quot; five or six &quot; other team members .
The game was cancelled unk minutes before the kickkick-off , unk Llanas said .
Police must to capture cracran horses
Two animals were unk on the street
The unk led her back unk to her owner .
On Sunday morning , shortly before 6 o &apos;clock , a road user shared two free-running horses on the feeder eder between confluence of unk / Steinsfeld and the junction junction unk unk .
At the arrival of the officials , the horses already unk unk between the feeder and the village of Dampfach .
After shortly unk steam compartment could unk unk unk of the unk unk unk unk unk , they let a unk a rol rol car along rope rope unk
Cyclilist Tony Martin : Career continuation imaginable
Time trial specialist Tony unk thinks about a continuation of his unk .
Frankfurt / Main - Sevenventime time trial world champion Tony unk unk imagine continuing his cycling career .
&quot; I &apos;m currently the the conditions conditions with the team , how and in what form it could continue , &quot; said the 35-year-old unk &quot; Frankfurter Allgemeine Sonntagszeitung &quot; unk
unk is currently unk Dutch team Jumbo bo Visma unk and had unk unk unk before the Corona break to end his career after this year .
In unk negotiations with his team it is also unk unk unk of race days unk he said .
Or other problems that would problems problems that father father father , Martin said .
He used to get up after unk fall , and the first thought was : &quot; Fast back to unk .
Today unk think as a father of a little daughter : What if &quot; .
The cyccprofessional cleunk unk unk unk unk unk aspects with which he was increasingly increasingly difficult .
&quot; But I was unk to to to from the the ona time time I I have unk and and a lot lot of he I me . .
The time trial specialist enters the competition at the Tour de l &apos;Ain ( 5 to 9 August ) .
Bavaria : unk four unk on Bavaria &apos;s streets on unk
unk beautiful weather attracts bikers on unk streets on many places .
For at least three people , the tour ends motorcycle motorcycle ends fatmotorcycle .
An 18 year unk pedestrian dies .
unk - In unk on Bavaria &apos;s streets , several , mostly young people have died on the unk .
A unk year old motorclist was was by a car near Schönthal ( district ham ham ) by a car that came on the counter lane .
Why unk car got unk unk unk unk unk at unk .
In Upper Bavaria , a 22-year-old colunk with horhora hordrawn age on his age on Saturday
He was downhill according to Beipolice ngrilngries
In unk left turn he he unced the unk .
His wounds were so heavy , unk he died on the unk .
Of unk twelve inmates unk carriage unk a man unk unk a man slightly slightly , as the police reported .
In another fatal accident unk in Upper Upper Palatine Bad Kötzting unk 18-year-old .
He had laid down unk unk unk unk unk unk night and was run run by a 42-2-year-old motorist .
According to the police , the 18-year-old wanted to sleep .
The driver could not brake in time .
At Schönberg ( Freyung-Grafenfenau ) , a 57 year-old 57 ker ker ded ded a a a car in a right turn of full braSaturday .
He died at the scene of the accident .
unk 57-year-old driver suffered a shock , the unk three people in the car remained unhurt unk
The safety of motorcyclists was provided on Saturday by Bavaria &apos;s Transport Minister Kerstin Schreyer ( CSU ) unk unk
In a letter to the organizer of the biker protests announced for August ans driving for August , Gabor KovacAugust , the minister pointed to extensive investments such as underride protection on guardardand the defdefof dangerous dangerous corners .
&quot; We have achieved a lot for the safety of motorcyclists in recent years , &quot; &quot; unk the writing .
&quot; The number of unk killed two-clists killed was reduced by around 28 unk compared to unk unk unk unk . &quot;
Kovac tests against Frankfurt
Frankfurt / Main ( unk ) - For football coach Niko Kovac , there will soon be a reunion with Eintracht Frankfurt with his new unk AS Monaco .
The eight-time French champion will perform at 1 August ( 6 p.m. ) at the Hats , the former unk of the Croat .
For the Bundesliga player , it is the first and only hardurance test before the unk in the Europa League against unk unk ( 6 August ) .
Because of the Coronavirus pandemic , the encounter is held without spectators .
unk We are especially looking forward to this game .
It &apos;s always nice to come to Frankfurt and meet friends , &quot; explained ovac ac .
Sporty , this is an interesting test , said the unk .
Before his his to FC Bayern Bayern unk unk Kovac the essen essen from unk unk unk unk unk led to victory in the DFB-Pokal .
&quot; A top-profile opponent like Monaco unk has a good test for unk in terms of unk the game unk Basel .
Like unk Frankfurter I look forward forward seeing seeing again with Niko Kovac &quot; unk said Eincht coach Adi Hütter .
The 50-year-old Austrian had succeeded unk at unk Eintracht .
In March , the Frankfurt had lost lost the round round round leg leg against Basel in their own stadium with 0 3 unk
unk unk New infections : Landkreis Hof knapp am Lockdown unk
In the district of Hof , the number of unk known Corona infections infections has increased on the weekend : from 39 unk Friday and 43 unk Saturday ( one person is recovered and falls more more into these statistics ) on unk on Sunday .
In addition , there is a case unk unk the city of Hof .
Thus , the unk Hof is approaching the critical brand of 50 new infections per 100,000 unk in unk week .
700 unk by monsoon rain in unk
With the severe floods in Southeast Asia , more than unk millions of people are unk unk , especially in Bangladesh , India and Nepal .
Due of the unk monsoon rain , a total of 700 people were unk .
In Bangladesh , the Red Crescent tries to reach isolated people in boats .
Whole villages are under water .
The farmers have lost their unk .
unk National Park die due by landslides
In Kaziranga National Park , several of the 120 tank ros died from landslides .
She unk under protection and applicable as endangered by extinction .
This year , the floods are particularly bad unk , which unk unk back to climate change .
According to the United Nations , unk is one of the most countries countries hit by global warming .
New apartments empty
In the village of Cox &apos;s Bazaar in the south of unk , the state has built apartments for unk displacdisplaced by the floods .
Only a few have moved so far .
It &apos;s difficult to bring the unk to Cox &apos;s unk .
Also unk unk unk unk in Grenezn .
unk earlier unk house had unk it was also unk so small and resembled a hut , often does not want to unk unk unk unk unk his unk .
Many apartments are empty , but - as the the government government government soon soon soon from unk unk , the unk house lost unk unk floods unk .
60 Corona new infections at only one unk in Vienna
In a 24-hour comparison , 60 Corona new infections were reported in Vienna - there were 22 new infections in Lower Austria .
The Landessanitätsdirektion Vienna and the medical crisis staff of the city of unk unk unk about about current current figures and other other about the the vivi19 virus virus virus of Sunday Sunday 26 26 2020 2020 , 8 a.a.m. , 8840 ( 60 60 60 ) ) are confirmed in Vienna Vienna
The number of deaths related to the virus is unk 204 .
unk ( + 48 ) .
22 new coronavirus infections in Lower Austria
The number of coronavirus infections in unk rose by 22 to 3,288 on Sunday .
A patient has recovered recovered from the medical staff .
This increases the number of genes to unk .
There were currently 247 patients in the state .
147,253 tests were carried out .
105 people died in connection with lung disease .
Argentina rejects counter-offer unk creditors
The new unk could not meet unk , unk unk Economy Ministry in Buenos Aires on Saturday unk .
&quot; The unk not only irresponsible , but also unjust unk , was said in a statement .
&quot; While 50 percent of children in Argentina live in poverty , we can &apos;t make the short-term profits of our unk unk . &quot;
The debts of the second largest economy unk South America is no longer unk in the current conditions .
This is why Argentina is on its private creditors to frave some of their ables of around 66 billion US dollars ( around 59 billion euros ) .
If there is no agreement , unk Land will again threatens the state bankruptcy .
It would be the ninth default in unk unk Argentine unk .
unk lenders unk unk higher rates on government bonds and unk on some contract clauses .
The Argentine government , however is stucking to its unk offer and is not ready make any further concessions .
Argentina is unk of heavy financial and unk unk
unk inflation rate was more than 50 percent .
For the current year , experts expect around ten to decline by around ten percent .
At the end of unk , Argentina had not paid interest interest 3 of 50503 million and had slipped into a limited default .
Professional arrived unk private still unk
&quot; It &apos;s going well well &quot; - this conclusion Dr. by Dr. unk Kramer after her first days in the unk in Eggenfelden .
unk At the end everything everything went unk In middle middle May May Dr. StefStefanie Kramer learned she she will the the of of utz utz Feller the the gengenfelNotariary stelle .
unk weeks weeks later , unk unk unk unk unk unk lawyer unk the work , the normal day-to-day business has long been running on full speed .
&quot; Privately , however , I still have to arrive unk , explains them in conversation with the Rottaler Anzeiger and laughs .
unk short lead time was of course not enough to to the the unk unk unk to EgEgfelden den reports the the dingdingfingfinger unk
Currently unk unk her husband unk unk who works in Regensburg as a judge at court in court is looking for a suitable apartment or unk house in the city .
At least her husband unk was able to apply for parental leave at short short term in order to be able to ensure the care of the two daughters ( 3 ½ and unk ½ years old ) .
Not not 9-9-commute every Regensburg from Regensburg Regensburg she also also have an overnight stay for her parents in Dingolfing , explains the 39-year-old .
Growing up in the neighbouring ing , , the city EgEggenfelden has of long been familiar to it .
During visits visits with her family in recent months , she she again discovered : &quot; Eggenfelden is a unk beautiful small town &quot; .
She was all all the more pleased that unk unk unk unk unk for for the free unk unk the race .
Her home StefBavaria Bavaria also plays a central central in Dr. StefStefKramer &apos;s professional career : studying studying law in Passau , she completed her tratratrahip hip and the 2nd state examination unk Regensburg .
After unk positions as a notary assess, , among others in Rehau and Hof in Upper Franconia , Babenhausen in the allgägäu as Regensburg Regensburg - during this she she unk unk unk unk unk unk the doctorate in work unk unk unk unk unk unk 2012 her first first as a notary thalRotthalmünster in unk unk unk unk unk .
In unk 2016 , she went on parental leave , unk followed followed her move to Regensburg .
Since then , she has taken over representation services in various notarial offices .
When unk place year-old Eggenfelden was advertised because of the approaching retirement of Lutz Feller , she had seen the right time time for the full professional time , explains the 39-year-old .
The team of her predecessor , who will take over the in in the notarioffice office in the future has taken Dr. Dr. StefStefStefKramer and and has a a for for the of of law firm firm at unk unk unk unk going superwell ! &quot;
The fact that she can rely on well-rehearsed processes unk makes it easier for her to take take of the upcoming upcoming shift of unk unk .
In terms of kindergarten and criativity places , she has already made contact with a local institution .
And works everything as desired , unk hopes hopes to be able to unk hobhobby here soon - and get to know the most beautiful jogging routes of the Rottal .
BVB plans to league league with a maximum of 15,000 spectators
Dortmund The biggest German unk in Dortmund will not even be 20 percent filled at the start of the season in the event of a fan return .
&quot; Due to the unk that which be compobserved , , we are planning with 12,000 ,000 ,000 ,000 specators ators , &quot; BorBorsia sia Dortmund Dortmund Managing director sten sten ramramramthe &quot; Tagesspiegel &quot; .
Normsually unk unk unk of the district city holds a unk unk unk 81,000 unk unk Bundesliga games .
In the ghost games of last season caused by the Corona pandemseason , the BVB had lost unk unk unk unk unk unk Euro .
The Cramer , is responsible BBB for Marketing Marketing unk unk unk Internationalization alization hopes in addition addition to the normal normal t, , some some the 4,4,4000 unk unk unk area can be again opened opened &quot; &quot; It of of course a low low the the unk when these revenue break unk unk &quot; .
In view of the ongoing Corona crisis , everyone are currently &quot; well advised , first a stable siside unk &quot; .
&quot; If many companies are not doing well unk 6.8 million people in Germany alone alone unk unk , then unk need is limited to entertainment &quot; , unk unk .
The Dortmund marketing boss praised the unk for their salary partial renunciation , the the coming coming coming crisis crisis crisis : : Of Of course the players know know that salsalary waihas a different effect , , if we we 100 people people who work work merchandisdis, on ing &quot; unk
unk Wonderracle : Early start into life with a few hundred grams
Hardly heavier than a packerl butter , just three tablespoons of blood unk his entire body : that was Gabriel when he was born unk he weighed exactly 273 grams .
The boy is unk of about 400 premature babies , which are cared annually annually at the unk Children &apos;s Clinic unk
A quarter of them weis less than 1,500 grams , a few - like Gabriel and his brothers Raphael and Michael - are extreme weights with not even a kilogram of birth weight .
They are unk small and so so so early that neither lungs , nor intestines , nor muscles are fully developed .
Their skin is sometimes so delicate that they could hurt the electrodes of the ECG .
And they are so tiny that that they sometimes doldoll clothing and specially unk them made unk .
But not so unk that they were not in voice - &quot; and how &quot; , smiles Berndt Urlesberger .
&quot; unk if of course they don &apos;t scream as unk as big unk &quot; .
When the whiteboard becomes a stage
Despite Corona unk in the classroom : The whiteboard as a stage experienced the 9th 9th of the St. James James in unk unk unk before the start of the holiday .
Actress Julia unk from the theater der Stadt alen alen unk unk unk and students the unk &quot; HeimatHeimat&quot; &quot; - by video .
Afterwards , unk students could Skype Skype with the unk unk unk unk WinTobias Tobias unk unk unk and the performance unk .
unk idea was the for the performance format from the current situation ona situation .
Teacher Teresa Nar was happy to enjoy teaching .
Even the end , all involved involved agreed that the direct encounter in the theatre and stage space would offer additional stimms , unk also sees sees the theater the contact for contact contact the schools .
&quot; If we continue to drink the technical framework , it could be an interesting addition to the game operation , &quot; unk director Winfried Tobias .
First round drawn : TSV unk unk unk unk meet Eintracht Frankfurt
Should unk unk unk unk DFDFthe DFB-Pokal , the lions meet Eintracht Frankfurt in the first round .
This resulted in the unk on Sunday .
Munich - Sixty possible opponents in the first round of DFB-Pokals has been certain .
The lions would meet Eintracht Frankfurt during a successful qualification .
This unk the draw on Sunday evening unk the unk .
unk because of the unk unk field ant participants unk unk is complete , were used at the draw unk .
Due to the voluntary renonof semi-semi-opponFC FC Memmingen , TSV 1860 unk is in the unk of the Bavarian Toto Cup ( 4 or 5 September ) .
There unk unk lions either on the Würzburg kickers unk unk Aschaffenburg .
Should the division division relegWürWürzburg unk the final , sixty unk fix would be qualified for the first round in the DFB-Pokal .
Otherwise , the unk would have to prevail in the final against regional alliin ist unk .
The first round of the DFB-Pokal will take place between 11 and 14 September and unk one week before the start of the third league .
&quot; Vom Winde unk &quot; : Film legend unk de Havilland is dead
The film legend and Oscar OliOlivia de Havilland unk dead .
She died a natural death on Sunday in Paris at the age of 104 , confirmed her spokeswoman of the German Press Agency .
de Havilland was known for her unk as Melanie Hamilton in the southern epic &quot; Gone by the Wind &quot; ( 1939 ) .
Born in Tokyo parents British parents , Olivia de Havilland unk unk toddler moved to California .
The Austrian theatre man Max Reinhardt discovered the 19-year-old in the role of Hermia of Shakespeare &apos;s &quot; unk &quot; .
The film studio Warner Brothers signed her for seven years and brought her out unk unk the side of unk Flynn .
unk unk unk her with the heartbreaker .
In 1946 she won her first Oscar in the lead role of &quot; To Each unk Own &quot; .
The film was screunk unk Germany under the unk &quot; Mutterherz &quot; .
Three years later came unk unk best actress unk William Wyl&apos;s &quot; unk Heiress &quot; ( The Erbin ) unk
She also received much recognition as a neurotic eccentric in &quot; The Dark Mirror &quot; and &quot; The Snake gruit &quot; .
Daphne du unk unk sie 1952 for unk Hauprole in unk Veradaptation of her novel &quot; Meine Cousin unk unk vor .
The piece unk a worldwide success
With her with her long-Bette Davis she played in &quot; Wiegenlied für eine Leiche &quot; .
His marriage to the writer Marcus Goodrich ( 1946 to 1953 ) 1946 his son Benjamin .
In unk , de Havilland married the journalist Pierre Paul Galante and had the daughter Gisèle unk unk .
This this marriage broke unk
Rumors of an affair with former British Prime Prime unk HeHeunk unk never confirmed .
&quot; Road to Timmendorf &quot; : Beach volleyball : Thole / winder miss the final at Comeback
unk Julius Thole and Clemens unk unk unk unk &quot; Road to Timmendorf &quot; missed the final .
At the unk of the top teams in Düsseldorf , they lost in the semifinals of their national team colleagues Nils Ehlers and Lars Flüggen with 1 : 2 ( 17 : unk , unk : 17 , 19 : unk ) .
Most recently , Thole / unk had in unk at the World Tour Final in September September last year .
In the final on the Rhine , their conquerers Ehlers / Flüggen scored a defeat against the surprise team Lukas Pfretschner and his interim partner Steven van de Velde unk 0 : unk ( 17 : 21 , 17 : unk ) .
In addition to the unk unk unk starting places for the German championships were played at the beginning endorSeptember in immendorendorfer Strand : The tickets were secured by unk Dollinger / Simon Kulzer , Manuel Harms / Richard Peemüller and Simon Pfretschner / Milan Sievers .
Calbitz ejection from AfD confirmed - FDP speaks of &quot; fig leaf &quot;
From the sion of Andreas Kalbitz from unk unk is exclusion sion bitz itz unk the unk unk is a fig fig &quot; &quot; and does not change the character of the unk .
&quot; The AfD is the parliamentary arm of unk in Germany .
Andreas Kalbitz is only unk the the of the iceberg berg the radicals in the AfD , &quot; said the FDP interior politician Benjamin Strasser of the news agency dpa in Berlin .
The Saturday Arbitration Court of the AfD had confirmed the expulsion KalKalof several several Stuttgart Stuttgart Stuttgart sion of of of , , which unk unk unk unk unk in May .
Kalbitz is chairman of the AfD parliamentary faction in the Brandenburger Landtag .
unk If the AfD really really about removing consistently right-right-wing extremists from their party functionfunctionaries like unk unk Höunk unk unk have expexpexplowers his followers &quot; , unk Strasser .
&quot; However , there is no political will for this in the AfD , because right-wing extremism now now part of party party .
unk commented unk CSU General General Markus Blume : &quot; The fact that Andreas Kalbitz is now excluded says nothing nothing and change change , &quot; he said &quot; unk on Sunday unk .
&quot; Rather , it speaks unk unk how many frensupsupporters a right-wing extremstill still in in the middle of the AfD . &quot;
Flower goes out unk unk unk unk unk will unk unk five five percent in elections in the future .
&quot; The days of unk unk to the parliaments are numbered &quot; .
Kalbitz was one of the spokesmen of the unk unk unk wings wings &quot; the the unk AfD state and group chairman Björn Höcke ; the unk classifies the unk unk &quot; secured right-wing extremist aspiration &quot; .
unk May had thrown the D board board KalKalitz itz from unk party .
unk Grund unk unk unk that Kalbitz had not not earlier earlier membership membership the the the now bannbidden right &quot; &quot; HeimatHeimatloyuen &quot; &quot; &quot; HDHDHD) and with unk Republicans .
Kalbitz denies membership in the HDJ .
The chairman of the left group in the Brandenburg Landtag tag Sebastian Walter , stressed stressed that the decision of the Federal ArbArbration ration unk unk about the the of the AfAf: &quot; The wolwolhas eaten only chalk .
The AfD remains a far-right party unk unk with unk without Kalbitz unk .
Neither unk with this decision weakened the federal party nor the right wing .
unk The manoeuvre of the Meuthen troupe is transparent .
unk wants to escape further observation by the Verfassungsschutz and get get through under the radar , &quot; said unk .
&quot; The AfD will not get rid of the spirits she called .
A expulection does not change , , &quot; commented Brandenburg SPD SPD General EriStStohn ohn on the decision unk unk Kalbitz .
&quot; Here the AfD state association and the faction still held their right-wing leader . &quot;
The legal dispute over Kalbitz &apos;s membership in the AfD will continue .
He announced on Saturday that unk would now unk unk against the unk of Federal Federal arbitration Court
North Sea wind farms deliver 21 percent more electricity
The the power plants on unk unk German North Sea fed 11.51 terawatt hours electricity electricity into grid grid in the first unk months of the year .
That is a good 21 percent more than in the same period of the previous year unk unk of the operators operators Tenin BayBayreuth .
Tennet is responsible for the transfer of the North Sea electricity to the mainland and the forwarding by the German unk .
The wind turbines on the Baltic Sea , which are not belong to TenTenof Tennet , have fed another 2.22 terawathours hours of TWh ) of electricity .
Overall , the wind wind from North North Baltic Sea Sea to 13.73 TWh , compared to unk 11.64 unk in the first radio in 2019 .
The wind harvest at sea thus accounts for almost 19 percent of the total wind current in Germany ; which is about unk percentage points more than a year ago .
New unk provide for higher unk
In addition to wind wind conditions wind energy increased increased contribution offoffwind energy is from higher wind capacities , because new wind farms have gone to the grid over the past twelve months .
If unk 70 70 wind power plants in the North Sea all run unk simultaneously with full power they could could unk 6.7 gigawatts of electricity .
unk transmission capacity is sufficient for this ; according to Tennet , it is 7.1 gigawatnet .
By 2030 , it is expected to rise to 17 gigawatts in the German North Sea .
&quot; In Germany and unk unk we are investinvesting 20 billion euros in expansion expansion of offshore network connections , &quot; said Tennet Managing Director Tim Meyerjürgen .
In reality , wind farms cannot exploit their capacity at sea , but but about 40 percent .
The unk record day this year is January 2 , when the North Sea wind farms generated more than unk gigawatts of electricity .
unk unk unk the North Sea wind turbines about 2.5 to unk gigawatts of electricity , which corresponds to three to four nuclear power plants .
As a result , almost seven million households could be supplied with electricity .
Kunst unk Skirmish &quot; - an exhibition by Leipzig artist Christian Bold at Galerie unk Gmünder Kunstverein .
This was almost a unk anniversary celebration for the 130 .
Birthmünof the Kunstmünder Kunstverein : The exhibition opening &quot; Skirmish &quot; with works by the Leipzig Christian Christian Bold bleup the the usual break of the Corona break .
unk more art lovers than usual pursued the dialogue between unk artists and the unk of the Kunstverein , Professor Dr. Klaus Ripper .
The musical equivalent was provided by the band &quot; Defenders of the Universe &quot; on the southern Kornhausplatz .
North unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk together &quot; .
Freital : Windberg Festival cancelled due of Corona
The Windbergfestival takes place this year .
The city of Freital has cancelled the three-day festival planned in September .
In other years , over 30,000 people had unk unk city unk .
&quot; We truly did not make this decision easy easy and - in unk unk how difficult it is economically unk the involved - hophopunk unk the last last , explained explained Mayor Uwe Rumberg ( partiparty ) .
&quot; But we , we we are responsible for the health of many thousands of people . &quot;
unk if tens thousands thousands unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk could not have lied with with , regulations regulations regulations with current in in accordance with the current Coronaschprotection regulation .
Or the restrictions would have been so strong that there would have have much left of unk Volksfest .
In addition , the unk and monitoring effort would increase disproportionately many times over .
unk unk for next year .
Then the city of Freital unk celebrates its 100th anniversary among other things , the unk from unk to 9th unk unk and the day unk Saxony from 10 to 12 September 2021 .
Dressage Olympic champion Werth in Achleiten not to beat
Achleiten unk The x-time Olympic champion Isabell Werth was the outstanding rider at the dressage tournament in Austrian unk unk
The 51-year-old unk Rheinberg came to four victories at four starts on four weekend .
After she had a Grand Prix unk at the start with Weihegegold unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk on Sunday in the Grand Prix Special and in the freestyle .
On the unk mare Weihegold , Werth prevailed on Sunday unk unk unk unk against the unk unk Max-Theurer on AbeggSunday .
Also in the freestyle the German unk Saturday on unk unk before her 34-year-old student Victoria Max-Theurer .
Werth &apos;s winning horse Quantaz belongs to Max-Theurer .
The most successful dressage rider in the world will establish the ten-year-old stallion in the Grand Prix .
For Quantaz it was the unk unk at all .
Already at the first tournament in Achleiten three weeks ago unk Werth won all important four tests unk
The last of the unk international unk unk there is planned for 14 to 16 August .
More air traffic controllers in Worms in the future
The Worms University of Applied Sciences unk unk unk the air air : &quot; DFDFunk Air traffic control &quot; unk a professorship for &quot; Air Traffic Management &quot; .
A corresponding contract between the university and the DFS has now been signed in Worms unk
The contract was initially signed for three years and in 2021 .
With the professorship , it is possible to enable the start of study not only in in summer , but also in the winter semester .
This means that twice as many students can become unk as before .
At the same time , the capacities of unk in the unk as well as unk the unk of the DFS are evzed utilized .
DFS will advise the university on the establishment and appointment of the professorship .
Represented at the university since 2019
Since the summer semester 2019 , the first students have been unk the of of their as as air traffic controller controller at unk Worms in the Air unk unk unk unk .
unk unk unk unk unk nine students .
So far unk unk unk DFS are very positive , the achievements unk students unk outstanding .
The combination of unk unk pilot training helps unk to further increase the attractiveness of the pilot profession .
unk In these times we are not not economically economically .
However , we firmly expect air traffic to recover recover and grow again in the long term .
In order to be able to continue our our legal mandate in the future , we need highly qualified personnel , &quot; unk Professor Klaus-Dieter Scheurle unk unk Managing Director of DFS at the signing of the contract .
&quot; For DFS , unk is a future-proof investment that will provide air traffic controllers with broad broad , interdisciplinary knowledge base in the long term .
We therefore continue the good cooperation with unk Hochschule and at the same time underpin our attractiveness as an employer . &quot;
This is also underlined by Professor Dr. Jens Hermsdorf unk President of Worms University University of Applied Sciences : unk The endowed professorship forms an important bridge between science and business .
With her , unk wants to build on the existing cooperation or &apos;s DFS unk Traffic unk unk unk unk unk unk existing cooperation DFDF&apos;s FlugFlugsicherung unk traffic unk unk unk unk
For Worms ms ms Applied Applied Sciences , the of German German traffic control is is both motivation and commitment to further expand their teaching and research research in the future fields of air aviation .
In its to the air traffic controllers of tomorrow , the university can set very special highlights innovative innovative innovative for unk students with first endowed endprofessorship for a dual of programme .
unk Denis Alt , State Secretary at the Ministry of Science , Continuing Education and Culture , emphasises : &quot; Worms focus in Applied transport , , focus University of Applied ms has a unk in Rhineland-Palatinate .
Today &apos;s signing of the cooperation agreement strengthens the university &apos;s profile . &quot;
Rescue screwdriver unk on the A 45
About 30 minutes unk unk motorway A 45 unk Saturday afternoon in the direction of Aschaffenburg enburg of unk , as after a helthe rescue helicopters in in unk .
A 76-year-old drove straight with a Ford at 12.40 40 &apos;clock in the exit Alzenau-Mitte in unk curve and landed on the guardrail .
unk unk impact of the front front bags , unk unk unk unk minor injuries on the face and unk for treatment in a hospital .
The injuries of the 72-year-old passenger were were taken for by emergency emergency emergency and unk patient fflown to a hospital with icopter rescue a icopter .
At present , however , the police assume assume that there is no risk of life .
The damaged unk , on which unk unk of about 2000 euros was created , had to be draed off unk
Heil wants to examine other industries by meat industry
The Corona crisis brought the light light the light in parts of the unk .
Strengtening of the law is imminent .
But are they right - and unk unk ?
Federal Labour Minister Hubertus Heil ( SPD ) wants to unk unk unk to the planned strict regulations against grievances in the meat industry .
&quot; We will take industry industry unk unk unk unk then suitable for the respective industry if it is necessary , &quot; said Heil of the German Press Agency in Berlin .
Germany &apos;s employers already warwarning against restricting factory contracts in general .
After the mass Corona outbreak at the unk Tönnies in North Rhine-Westphalia , the Federal Cabinet wants to pass a law unk Heil this Wednesday .
Large slaughterters should no longer allowed to use use personnel personnel sghter ghter ghter and meat and smeat ghter .
To this end , the use of factory contract and temporary workers is to be banned there .
Employer president Ingo Kramer said the dpa : &quot; Finger ers unk unk a general restriction of contracts contracts and employee provision unk unk unk unk not want want to le le the unk economy &quot; .
Work contracts are , contracts are , the basis basis for their unk customers customers unk unk of of craft , unk and unk .
&quot; The failof individual individuals do not destroy such an important instrument &quot; .
Heil assured : &quot; My goal is to to ban work contracts throughout the unk economy . &quot;
Work contracts meaningsense .
&quot; If an industrial company instructs a craftsman to install a unk , this is a very unk factory contract . .
The German meat industry considers a ban on work contracts and unk unk in unk unk unconstitutional .
It is not be able why unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk , according to a statement statement the legislative project , such as the &quot; New Osnabrücker unk &quot; ( Saturday ) unk .
With a ban , the consumer price would increase by 10 10 to 20 percent unk kilos and product .
According to the results of unk unk unk worked W W W hours hours hours day according according unk unk unk unk unk unk unk the NRW 16 hours a administration .
They often had unk break .
Wages was withtained for protective equipment or rent .
It was found that the situation in workers workers was often miserable .
Heil said unk for the meat industry had already entered a relatively relatively relatively into into force 2017 2017
However , they were bbassed by &quot; tricky constructions &quot; .
&quot; Now must fundamentally tidy unk &quot; .
The politician announced : &quot; In the Occupational health and Act Act , which we to to decide at the cabinet at the end of cabinet , measures measures measures unk that affect unk affect unk unk industry - for example , higher test rates in occupational safety or clear criteria for shelaccommodations &quot; .
The draft of the dpa includes amendments to the law unk unk unk &apos; &apos; rights in the meat industry and unk .
unk Consumer Protection Protection Ursula Nonnemacher ( Green ) considers more more more necessary necessary
&quot; I would like us to be able to to make unk tions in many supervisory areas : food controls controls animal animal unk all possible , such unk unk animal transport unk , said Nonnemacher on Sunday in the RBB program &quot; Brandenburg aktuell &quot; .
But more controls also require more HR positions .
Three dead ultrultralight crash in Germany
According to the police , three people died an an an ultrultrultright aircraft aircraft an an apartment in WesWesWesin the state state RhinRhinRhine-Westphalia .
One child was injured .
Two unk people were rescued in the accident , said unk spokesman unk unk Wesel .
According to the police , a parachute ute ute found at the site of the accident .
The &quot; Rheinische Post &quot; reported , con eyenesses nesses unk before crash crash the the plane colunk unk on a hot air balloon .
The house is a single or two-family house .
No unk were initially known .
Cleariction of Frankfurter Opernplatz peacefully unk
A week after the riots in Frankfurt , the evacuation of the opera Square at night at peaceful at night .
Finally , a dodozen people were on the , , but unk unk before unk clock before the start of the curfew .
The police were in ed in the evening evening numerous numerous , , a larger police police could be seen throughout the unk .
For the first time this weekend from midnight night was a ban ban for the opera opera , on unk unk unk to riots a week ago .
Policemen had been attacked with bottles out of the crowd of celebrations .
At least five officers were injured unk police police , several police vehicles damaged .
The night of Saturday was also quiet .
Car striover : Young woman unk accident on highway unk unk Hofgeismar seriously injured
In an accident unk Schöneberg and Hümme , a 21-year-old suffered serious injuries on Sunday at 1.: 25 p.m .
She was taken to the Klinikum Kassel .
With unk , the fire brigade searchlooking for possible passengers .
According to the police , unk unk was the road 83 Bundesstraße 83 83 the direction of of of of Hümme , when when car car unk unk unk unk from previously ununk cause and turned over several times .
In order to save the accident , the fire brigade had to cut off the roof of the car .
it was unclear whether someone was still in the vehicle , the adjacent corn field was searched by the the ladder with thermal thermal camera camera
The unk from Warburg , which also works with thermal imaging cameras , had also been ordered for unk passenger search .
However , the volunteers found find anyone between the high corn plants .
The seriously injured was taken to the ambulance to the unk for further ance .
Almost 50 emergency ers unk fire brigade Hofgeismar , Hümme and Schöneberg unk on site .
The highway was closed for two hours due to the accident .
Juventus Turin unk in Italy
unk - After a redemping goal by Cristiano Ronaldo , record champion Juventus has secured the Italian championship for the unk unk in unk series .
The team around the five-time world player made the 3636Scudetdetto the club history history with a 2-0 ( unk unk unk ) on unk unk unk unk unk Sampdoria Genoa .
Ronaldo unk to 1 : 0 before the unk .
With 83 unk , Turin , which competed without the last injured injured injured SamSami hehehera ra is not to two unk unk unk unk unk days days before the end of the of of Serie A .
The unk Inter Milan is seven points behind .
Juventus was harmless despite the first peridespite in the first half , then Ronaldo met after last last action action after a bick variant .
A addition 5-Miralem Pjanic used unk 5-5-year-old from from the penalty line directly with a flat shot ( 45 th + 7 ) .
Against the now was also ensive guests , Ronaldo was involved involved in 2 : 0 , unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk 67th shot .
This secured the lackamster , unk unk success .
The fouloul meter shot to the bar bar the 89th minute minute have have only RonRonaldo do with a view to the scjee rating .
&quot; It &apos;s difficult to stay mentally cally at ball height for 90 minutes .
The unk is strange , and unk Momentum unk is very light , &quot; explained MauriMaurizio ri ri after the 1 : 2 at Udinese Calcio am unk .
Especially the mental exhaustion of his players is great , said the Juve coach .
Due to the defeat , the Turin had not yet been able to to the championship perfectly .
Juve end owed the the caluring uring at the the of the due to to weakness ness of unk .
In the eleven games before the match on Sunday , the Sarriteam team had only only five victories .
Whether Ronaldo becomes unk is questionable .
While the Portuguese superstar has scored 31 goals so far , the former CirCiro Immobile has already 34 34 on his unk after his pack pack pack pack pack 5 1 1 1 1 1 ) ) ) in the the the zio zio unk unk unk unk unk unk as many as Robert Robert wandowski contributed to the title title of FC Bayern .
The record in Italy is held by unk juve-professional Gonzalo unk .
The Argentine scored 36 goals for the SSC Naples in the 2015 – 2016 season .
In August , the next title awaawafor the &quot; unk lady &quot; of Italian unk .
Juventus is in the round of 16 of champunk , but unk 7 7 OlympiOlympiOlympiLyon Lyon , for 0 0 0 0 leg ad ad to reach the final tournament in Lisbon .
In the next knockout round Real Real Madrid unk Manchester City would wait as an opponent .
Baden-Württemberg : More than 250 unk car races recorded
Stuttgart - Despite all threatened punishments and court rul, , ists ists are unk unk unk countless illegal races on unk Baden-Württemberg Baden-Württemberg : unk unk unk and the first four months of this year the police in the southwest southwest already registered more than 250 illegal car races .
Although there are comparcomparfor for years years unk unk unk unk RasRasare are the the work work work : the the prosecprosecors ors ors KonKonand Mannheim Mannheim unk unk unk unk unk total total 1515investigations investigations conducted conducted illegal races , a year later it were already 252 and in the current unk unk the beginning June June already 151 .
The races were less about organized events , as can be seen from the reply of the Ministry of the Interior to request request from LandLandtag PD .
In most cases , the drivers had spontaneously compagainst each other other unk unk had fled from the police - this is also reported as an illegal race .
German men between the age of 18 and 60 were aged at the wheel .
113 fines - unk times imprisonention
Only in comparatively few cases are the caught caught and also asked to pay : : to the Interior Interior Interior unk 2018 2018 2018 a total of 113 2018 and 15 unk pronounced unk
However , there is no evidence that the number of illegal car races actually increasing .
Rather , other drivers ists acted more sensitive than than years years due to the of dents dents dents and processes and more more often unk unk spokesfor okesman .
Again and again motorists are brake out there in order to to unk unk space to use the free track for a race .
Last August , a dozen drivers were caught near unk Kirchheim under Teck , three months earlier it was unk 18 unk on the A8 near Merklingen .
A81 is most popular &quot; unk &quot;
On the A81 , the police register even more races than on any other federal highway .
A speed limit is to to slow down the the vers on on the particularly section section between rowand and Geisinging .
The mostly high-priced and pued ed sports and luxury cars often have Swiss plates plates , because the drivers to to lawn wn wn Germany because the the high for for too fast driving and car racing in neighboring country .
For the SPD , unk must not reduce speed speed unk unk unk unk unk unk unk With a general unk of 130 kilometers of hour unk unk this problem unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk , &quot; says Martin Rivoir , the traffic expert of unk .
&quot; The inhibition threshold for for awould would be significantly higher if you you not unk unk and and there kilometers kilometers 200 kilometers hour hour and more here the way &quot; &quot;
Rivoir unk thinks enenlighment ment or campaigns campaigns &quot; unk unk such all the rules in such a way and not only only own own own life , but also life the other other other traffic traffic , is hardly hardly hardly accessible with reason .
ADAC calls for stronger radio police
The ADis is enough unk : : &quot; We that that Rasunk unk not deterdeterby the speed , , &quot; says unk Bach , Head of Transport and unk at ADAC Württemberg .
It also calls for harder controls on the affected routes .
It infrequently , the the the of of and and the ousness ousness serious : January January 2019 2019 April 2020 2020 three three died died died races races races races , two two uninvolved involved in a nightly crash in Stuttgart &apos;s city center and one in Gerlingen unk
Two young men are said to have delivered a car race unk November .
One unk vehicles came off from the road , uncuncagainst unk garden garden wall and on on unk unk unk unk 18-18-year-old passenger died .
21 other people were injured in the races of unk years .
However , according of Interior Minister Thomas Strobl , stricstricpenpenpenpennot not : &quot; unk unk action action action to unk unk unk vehicle unk er unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk Interior Ministry .
unk of 23 23 : Thirsty burlarar steals drinks from snack
Rohrdorf : unk Mann broke unk snack on Thursday RohrRohrdorf w w Calw Thursday and stolen drinks and cash .
A witness heard sounds in Talstraße at 3.3.40 a.m. and ran towards the snack .
unk he noticed a man who used drinks drinks the the drinks and then left snsnack through a previously inserted entrance door .
The perpetrator fled towards the unk behind the snack .
The burglar used unk police unk at a checkout and stole cash in the low three-digit area .
The suspect is described as follows : he is about 1.75 to 1.80 unk in size and of unk stature .
In fact , he wore a black hoodie , black trousers and bright shoes .
The police accept further evidence .
Ackermann jumps unk victory on final stage at Sibiu Tour
Cycylist list cal cal ckerckermann won his second victory of the day on the final stage of the 10th Sibiu Tour .
The 26-year-old Palatinate from the unk prevailailed on unk 109 kilometre re section unk start and finish in in biu in the mass sprint , after he already already won a stage on the unk .
unk were the unk three and four for Ackermann .
In the overall standings , his unk team-ate Gregor Mühlberger prevailed .
The 26-year-old had decided the the in in the morning and thus took over unk unk in the class .
Only 104 drivers were left in the final stage in the evening .
No less than 18 starters had fallen victim to the time limit limit unk the time limit .
&quot; I &apos;m really happy to start the season restart with a unk unk , Ackermann unk had explained his success on Saturday .
&quot; The sprint was really hectic , &quot; said the 26-year-old .
300 meters before the finish he simply put on his sprint , &quot; and worked worked perfectly &quot; .
According to the unk unk World World Association , a Corona test was carried out for all race participants and their companions six days before the start of the race .
During the entire tour , drivers and supervisin isolated hygiene bubbles were separated from the organizational team and the media .
unk at start and finish were not allowed .
Control center gave instruction on amateur resuscitation
unk - unk accident unk Sunday afternoon in Düsseldorf-Garath .
In an apartment house , unk child ( 4 ) was suddenly lifeless in the water while bathing .
According to the fire brigade , the emergency call received received shortly before before o &apos;m .
&quot; A control dispdispent immediately instructions instructions to amamamuscitation , &quot; a a fibriade ade man to BILD .
Resrescue rescue took over resresthe the measures a shortly later .
The child floating in unk was under resuscitation in the university hospital unk .
Why it was ashed is unclear unk
The police routinely started the investigation into the course of the accident .
The fibriighade okesman : &quot; We are starting from a tragic accident in the apartment &quot; .
Nuremberg : Unapproved tuning meeting - Police intervene , 700 unk unk around unk people
Hundreds of cars and temporarily over 1000 people took part in a &quot; tuning &quot; &quot; the the parking of of lot store on Saturday night .
unk police used their unk to control such events .
A big tuning meeting took on Saturday evening ( 25 July 2020 ) in Nuremberg Südstadt
Several hundred vehicles were involved .
According to unk Middle Franconia , around 22.30 traffic , an traffic traffic traffic an an increased of in in the area of a large parking ter ter Ingolstädter Straße .
As a result , the police carried out a large number of vehicle controls there .
Only recently , unk announced announced intention intention to take action against so-called autopopers .
Illegal tuning meeting in Nuremberg : Only small part from unk &quot; scene &quot;
The officials were among top top of vehicles vehicles vehicles about about 100 100 people , for the unk .
However , only a small part of those present is is the unk unk &quot; and and ing ing scene .
Apparently , unk of the relevant scene scene responded the appeal of the appeal .
On the basis of the unk location vehicles unk location , it can assumed assumed assumed it unk unk unk about ononers unk .
In addition , the majority of those adhered ed the applicable infection protection regulations , in particular the of of the distance distance and wearing wearing a mouth nose protection .
The radio ended at 1 : 00 p.m .
In total , the officials in 10 vehicles changes in 10 changes that the operating permit had expired .
Four of these vehicles had to be unk unk .
Car racing
There were no illegal car races .
&quot; The Central headquarters of Central Frania will continue to keep an eye on the events and will to carry out control control , , in connection connection the the ent of ononers , through unk , it was said .
unk unk Newsspoke to Jürgen Schrödinger inger the unk unk unk unk unk unk have all beautiful rims , we must not scratch , &quot; says Schrödinger .
unk would use special bands .
Also because the cars are wider , the company must be careful not to any damage .
&quot; The young unk should finally get their cars back without scathed &quot; .
Figbers unk Employment agency : 900 suspicicases of unk at unk
Berlin - unk Federal Agency Agency ( BA ) Federal Employment Agency BA BA ) investigsome 900 900 suspcases cases of abuse abuse short-short-worker allowance .
&quot; This is little unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk &quot; said TerTerzenbach , unk unk responsible for the business , , the unk Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung unk .
When many companies suddenly applied short-short-work at the beginning of the Corona crisis , the BA had to react quickly .
Usually the exam lasts up to unk weeks .
&quot; We didn &apos;t time was not unk unk this hot unk .
This will be all the closer closer look at the unk .
There will certainly be a lot of unk .
We are not naive and have a long breath &quot; .
Evidence of unk would often come from the affected unk or trade unions .
In addition , use the BA unk to detect abuse patterns .
According to Terzenbach , the BA is preparing for a possible unk in the autumn .
&quot; Will there be unk more inruptcies unk unk previous year unk
unk assessments ments apart but we we the the case of the and and already train our employees in unk employment agencies for the unk of applications on unk &quot; .
The figures are still unk , said Terenbach enbach .
World Heritage in Potsdam : unk im im Neuen resolved
Potsdam - On Friday evening about 40 young people celebrated unk party in the New Garden .
The collection of unk was dissolved at 48 48 48 by by the the drivers of the Stiftung PrePreische Schlösser und Gardens ( SPG G ) , the foundation Foundation at PNN request .
unk Young people would have left unk unk park .
On Saturday evening unk young people played rugby in the New Garden .
The meadow was cleared by unk , said SPSG spokesman Frank unk on Sunday .
Again and again there are illegal celebrations in the parks
In the parks of the unk unk unk always unk unk unk unk where the distance and hygiene hygiene Covi9 19-19-are regulation are not with .
At the end of June there was a a with about 300 300 in the Babelsberg Park , a week later about 150 people celebrated in the New Garden .
Even without coron arrangement , unk parks are closed at nightfall .
The storage on the meadows is prohibited bidden unk parking order , it unk unk unk exceptions unk
For a long time , the foundation has been complaining that visitors would leave more and more garbage and destroy protected biotopes .
In Berlin , illegal park parties have reached a unk dimension .
In the Hasenheide unk district Neukölln unk at night to Sunday 5000 unk unk illegal techno party .
The event was unk by the police .
Austria : Mass tests by unk unk
With hundreds of tests , authorities have responded to a unk in the unk Upper Austrian tourist town of St. Wolfgang .
The number of confirmed confirmed rose to 48 , as according by the state authorities in Linz .
More than 100 results in the evening .
Accordingly , many of the unk young interns in tourism companies , but also at least one holiday guest are posipositested .
Residents , guests and tourism staff were asked to stay in their accommodation on Saturday night .
The curfew was set with unk clock .
&quot; unk gibt there and there cancellations and cancellations &quot; of bookings , unk unk Chef unk unk Wolfgangsee , unk Wieser , the dpa .
Some guests also left prematurely .
St. unk is the most important tourist resort of Upper Austria unk with more than 400,000 unk last year .
In a unk season , about a third of the guests are Germans .
On Friday , the first infections had become publicly known .
The head of unk , Alois unk , defended on Saturday the behavior interns internSaturday , who might have unk unk unk unk unk and infected unk .
&quot; We all liked to do this in our youth , &quot; he told the radio station Ö1 .
However , two bars were closed on Friday to prevent further infections .
The Tourist Board launched an information campaign to raise unk unk of the unk of Covid-19 .
From unk unk then tested hundreds of unk holiholimakers makers and als tested .
In addition , all guests who were in St. Wolfgang from 15 Wolfgang were contacted .
The eruption evokmemories memories of the Austrian ski and party resort IschIschunk Tirol , which which the the of of the ona spread throughout Europe in the initial phase of the pandemEurope .
In Austria , more than 1,500 people are currently infected with the virus .
New infections focus on Vienna and Upper Upper unk
Premier League : Man United and Chelsea for Champions League unk
London ( dpa ) - English football record champion Manchester United returns to the Champions League after a year of absence .
The Red Devils secured third Premier on the the Devday of Premier Premier League a a 0 0 0 0 0 ) 0 against direct competitor Leicester City .
The unk must now settsettwith the Europa Europa League because FC FC unk unk passed by and qualified qualified fourth qualified for the premier class .
In the fight against the egation , Aston Villa unk allowed Villa unk .
Manchester United took the lead lead a penalty kick by Bruno Fernandes ( 71st unk ) .
After a unk card for Leicester City in the extra time , Jesse hit unk ( 90. + 8 ) to the final score .
Chelsea , unk unk unk of of FC , won thanks WolMason ampton ( Wanderthanks thanks 1 ) OliOlivier vier roud d ( ( + 4 ) parallel 2 2 2 unk ( ( : 4 ) against Wolverhampton Wanderers unk
unk That means a lot to me &quot; , unk unk Frank Lampard , who stands ArsenArsenal in final FA FA in in his season season season ChelChelcoach final .
Cheltenham &apos;s also Wolververhalso also ited WolWolham ham ampton , who passed the WolWolves with a ager 1 1 1 1 0 ) at Crystal Crystal Palace and finished sixth in the Europa League .
Aston Villa won unk unk unk unk unk unk unk FC ournournouth outh , but had to tremble unk West West HUnited at West Ham United
The unk leadership of Jack Grealish ( 84th ) immediately compensated Andrey Yarmolenko ( 85th ) .
The 1 : 1 unk 0 : 0 ) was enough because Watford lost 2 – 3 ( 1 : 3 ) at Arsenal .
The unk unk that which ated three unk in the season season after after five five years years years .
Just like unk , that unk unk a 3 unk unk unk : : 1 ) could EverEverton could no Everunk .
At the end unk a point .
The unk Liverpool , which has been as as English since since the end of June , secured unk with a 3 : 1 1 1 1 : 1 ) victory Newcastle unk unk club record .
unk counters are the highest value unk unk ever ever unk in a football season .
The point record unk English football unk coach Jürgen Klopp with his team just narrowly .
unk unk keeps Manchester City with 100 points unk of the 2017 2017 18 18 unk
unk of the Newcast lead in the first minute , Virgil van Dijk ( 38th ) , Divock Origi ( 59th ) and Sadio unk ( unk ) played the game on unk for Liverpool .
&quot; For this wonderful extraordinary season for this extraordinary season , &quot; said goalorer van Dijk after the game , &quot; that should inspire us to defend the title unk
It gets hard . &quot;
Satisfied at the end unk unk the Premier League bosses .
Due to the Coronavirus crisis , the football operation unk England had been interrupted unk 13 March to 17 June .
In the meantime , unk even discpreprepreearly lition or an the of the remaining games on neutral ground .
After all , however , the season could be played without special end without without incidents - but as in Germany without spectators in the stadiums .
Arrests and violence in demonstrations against unk
The protests in Israel against Prime NetNetanyahus us are increasingly violent .
There the night there have been violent clashes .
The Israeli night went Sunday , the Israeli Israeli violviolviolviolagainst against against a demonstration demonstration demonstration right-right-right-anyanyu u Benjamin amin Netanyahu .
Twelve people were arrested for participating in riots , said spokesokesman Micky Rosenfeld unk .
The police used other water cannons to dissolve the rally .
According to media reports , a total of around 6,000 unk gathered in the unk of Netanyahu u ahoffice on Saturday evening .
They protested against unk unk corruption and Netanyahu &apos;s handling with unk Corona crisis .
The protesters beat drums , blew into horns and called on Netanyahu to resign .
There were also participants of a unk unk unk unk unk Netanyanyahu , unk unk news page &quot; ynet &quot; .
People also demonstrated in many other unk unk Israel , including in front of the government of &apos;s private villa in the coastal town of Caesarea and in a park in Tel unk unk
According to police arrested , a man was arrested near Tel Aviv because there is suspicected unk unk unk unk unk unk unk protprotunk unk unk unk at unk unk unk .
Another man became unk after a knife attack on a demonstrator in the unk of the country .
The unk was slightly injured on the neck .
In Jerusalem and Tel unk unk there are several demonstrations against unk .
The unk accompany the corruption process against the head of government .
Most recently , Netanyahu was also criticized for its handling handling unk Corona crisis unk
Among other things , he is , prepreosrelaxation and a lack of preparation for a second corona wave .
The Corona crisis has increased hard on the country &apos;s economy .
The unk was more than 20 percent .
The number of unk new infections with unk unk in Israel recently rose to ever new unk unk
Accident at Ahlen ( NRW ) - Transporter kracht auf car - nine injured unk Ruhr gebiet - Bild.de
Ahlen - A rear-ar-collision demanded nine light injuries on the afternoon on Ahlen near Ahlen .
A motorist was unk unk unk children ( 3 , 5 ) towards unk .
The police : &quot; Probably unk had suddenly slowed down because unk wanted to turn &quot; &quot;
unk driver of a Mercedes driver transporwho behind behind her probably probably have unk too late .
He crashed back on the car .
In unk unk unk unk inmates in unk car and unk unk the transporter unk injured .
Several unk took her to an surrounding hospital .
North Korea locks border town after Corona susppicion
North Korea has so unk unk its own measures to to defend the coronavirus a &quot; luminous unk &quot; unk
Now , for the first time , country country is reporting a sussuspicion .
Due to a first official Corona susppicion in the country , North Korea has completely aled aled a big city for fear of disaster .
The the stricepepidemiological ensive ensive in the unk unk unk of unk unk unk unk unk could have been introduced into the unk , &quot; reported the state reported .
For the of around the border city of unk , the state of emergency been unk unk
unk communist leadership proclaimed the highest level of alarm .
Should the susppicis confirmed confirmed it would be the first official infection case with Sars-CoV-2 in the isolated country .
North Korea had not yet registered a single infection and described its defensive as a &quot; unk success &quot; .
The information was doubted abroad .
According to the unk , the symptoms were were unk a an outoutlier &quot; who illegally crossed the military demarcation line between South and North Korea on 19 19 .
The person had left unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk .
For the border crossing within unk unk kilometers kilometers unk unk largely mined military buffer zone unk unk South South Korea initially no confirmation .
However , reports by the national national agency agency onp p p South Korea Korea &apos;s military military the the possibility of an illegal border crossing of North Korea .
Research on some people were unk
North Korea announced an an meeting meeting of the the ttburo Labour Labour Party chchchby Kim Kim Kim ong ong on on of Kim suspicion .
The &quot; dangerous situation in Kaesong could trigger a unk unk destructive unk &quot; unk
Kim had already ordered unk Friday as a preventive measure to &quot; completely block esesong and isolate ate district and and region from unk unk unk unk unk .
The affected person as well as all people in Kaesong who had unk unk with her had unk unk unk .
The central military commission of the party should therefore investigate unk unk unk unk &quot; well as the behavior of the responsible responsible unit and , if necessary , impose harsh punishment .
It is estimated , about 300,000 people live in Kaesong .
Tenitement before Council meeting : City-East and noise protection protection still under discussion before a great summer break
&quot; In addition to environmental issues , the committee members will also vote on the development development for the major project InnenstenstttOst Ost Ost &quot; unk unk rather cascasin the middle middle of the the press press release the next municipal council meeting on Tuesday , 28 July , at 30 30 p.m. in the Great Saal unk CongressCentrums Pforzheim .
However , the appreciation of the eastern city is controversial until the end .
The majorities for this are scar, , recently in individual committees committees depending on the presence .
unk unk from the ( unk unk unk unk unk and and IT ) , which from from the citizenand and unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk after unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk criticiproject project dent Klein Klein as unk extra-parliamentary opposition &quot; , &quot; suspsuspecting , &quot; speculation unk , &quot; &quot; igination &quot; and &quot; unk unk &quot; .
&quot; Everyone thinit it better unk unk &quot; unk unk Klein unk unk belongs to the municipal council for a year as unk representatives of the the citizen list Pforzheim .
In fact , after reading the Treaties , he is in this position : &quot; I know what I am talking about . &quot;
The unk comes the unk unk , the rehabilitish unk unk unk unk unk statements statements statements the the city city , subsidies , of of of convinced convinced convinced , for 8.5 million euros .
The city will develop quite differently from unk predicunk unk unk unk unk of advocates prediceconomy .
unk City unk unk unk own own and not unk unk investor : This is his unk unk unk unk after / , the FDFD/ FW UB UB / LED fraction , which also jects jects jects project , presented an alternative concept unk
It essentially provides for for the renovation of the the Technical hall , the the closure closure of the castle the the the of of Ex-Ex-for administrative administrative and and small-unk unk ideally with local carriers .
Environmental issues play central role
In addition , environmental issues will play a central role .
Among other things , the municipal council will vote on unk unk .
unk includes various measures to the unk of the Pforzzpopulation before health noise pollution , caused by road traffic , unk often reductions .
In a press release , unk local traffic club lub welcomes welcomes unk unk of of Tempo 30 . , unk unk unk unk unk unk unk not not cent cent cent fact fact that this must come because , , they they nenethe traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic the the the VV, nenenetraffic traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic traffic and thus to traffic , little to the VCD .
The municipal council also coordinates on the participation of the city of the energy and climate protection agency Pforzheim / Enzkreis .
In addition , on the agenda of the to the the of of the state Baden-Württemberg Baden-Württemberg , the reof of the ental contributions unk unk unk urban daycare care facilities unk the application for admission in the smart city promotion of the federal government .
Citizens are welcome , but must consider Corona protection measures .
Tim Zimmermann starts the new season with a lot of delay
With almost half a unk delay , Tim Zimmermann will start his his season season ADADAC GT Masters on 31 July .
Before the league of supercars began regular regular unk , the first first was pending .
For Zimmermann unk unk unk about getting to know his Lamborghini Huracan GT3 unk .
The Corona crisis has long ented Tim Zimmermann from tackling first first service of new unk Huracan unk Grasser Racing .
This was now possible under special hygiene conditions .
unk 23-year-old Langenargener made his first laps on the Lausitzring and was able to get used to his premiere in the GT3 car .
&quot; There are already a few things that are different unk at Porsche out of unk , &quot; says Zimmermann .
&quot; With the ABS , for example , you have to go differently in the curves .
But it really really a lot of fun . &quot;
unk also had fun with Steijn Schothorst , with whom he share his orange sports car in the GT Masters unk unk
The Dutchman is unk unk unk unk years unk unk unk unk T-Sport unk was able to help his new teammmate in many things .
&quot; I &apos;m not a beginner in motorsport unk but every new series also brings new challenges &quot; , unk Zimmermann .
unk Steijn and unk understand ourselves unk and we made enormous progress from session to session session the from session itzsession . &quot;
Right there - at the Lausitzring - the GT Masters will also run its first race .
From 31 July , the 33 supercars will race through Lusatia .
Zimmermann , who unk one of 15 newnewcomers , knows the unk .
In 2015 he was a guest at the Motodrom .
&quot; It worked quickly and unk had to get used to the track unk little unk unk &quot; says unk unk unk unk starts FriedrichFriedrichFriedrichcommunity Graf Zeppelin elin unk
&quot; The Lausitzring has many fast passages that you have to hit optimally to be unk &quot; .
How fast Zimmermann mann really turns turns out in two unk .
&quot; Of course , the teams pounk a unk unk unk unk &quot; , unk unk unk
&quot; Finally we we are very satisfied satisfied are unk unk unk first weekend at Lausitzring &quot; .
The race in Brandenburg will be the prelude of a densely crowded calendar .
Seven races seven races until the beginning early November .
Current state is that no viewers will be allowed unk but there is a prominent unk .
In mid-August at the Nürburgring unk Ex-Formula 1 driver Niko Hülkenberg in the GT steering steering unk .
British Transport Minister caught from quarantine decision
According to press reports , the decision &apos;s ine ine ine unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk unk has caught caught country country &apos;s minister colcold .
Accto ingly , Grant Shapps is currently on holiday in Spain , unk his colleagues decided at at Saturday Saturday unk measure .
Due to the increasing onfigures figures numbers Spain Spain , CabCabcabinet London London highthe country unk of the list of countries countries from which entry is enter quarquarine ine possible .
The new regulation will apply from today , Sunday Sunday so so Shapps apps also have to to quarantine after his ine .
In Austria , unk government has imposed unk quarantine measures for returnees .
unk the regulation applies to those who unk unk just on on deaddeadline , only from unk Saturday , August August unk and was not introduced overnight .
By the way , unk is considered considered considered one one of the &quot; safe countries for for which quarquarantine is needed .
&quot; Numerous ministers may have known in advance that there is possibility possibility of ine a quarantine on holimakers makers Spain , commented commented unk Diane Abbot .
&quot; But obviously nobody boboed to Grant Grant Shapps . &quot;
Almost a month after the end of the Corona emergency in Spain and the the of the strict curcur, , unk unk unk rises again .
unk are responsible responsible the life life for unk new spread .
Spain unk among the favourite holiday countries of the British .
unk unk government is currently advising necessary necessary travel the Spanish mainland , the popular popular and unk unk popular British British dayand unk are unk except unk
To date , more than 272,000 infections with the novel coronavirand and more than 28,000 deaths have been registered in Spain .
Russia : Navy unk : Putin announces unk for warships
The Russian unk Vladimir Putin has announced unk unk unk Navy in unk Land an equipment of warships with unk hyperpersonic weapons .
With these weapons weapons in the world , the the possibilities of the Russian navnaval navbe expanded , Putin Putin on Sunday in St. St. at the central naval parade .
According to the agency of unk according to the InterInterfax also also on tests tests of the conic ic hyperic missile built for the Navy .
The hyperpersonic weapons have a multiple of the unk of about unk meters per second .
They are considered weapons of the future
Underwater tropedeo continues to be unk
unk was also continue at the atomic unk underwater torpedo Poseidon , it was said .
The planned sea drone is planned for the unk unk coastal targets .
The president , who unk unk unk unk military boat , drounk unk that that unk unk unk unk new ships would put into service at the individual naval associations of the largest country on earth .
Russia has such a large coastal area as no other country in the world .
For 300 years , the navhas has reliably ably ably , Putin Putin at the nationnationwide celebrated by by sailors .
In many other Russian coastal towns , the navnaval forces also parNavy Day with parades .
In Syria , where unk fights alongside ruler Bashar al-Assad , the military demonstrated unk of a gun show in the unk of Tartu &apos;s strength .
There ammunition was also fired unk
A video published by the Ministry of Defense showed not only warships , unk a submarine , but also unk and jets .
Hurricane &quot; Hanna &quot; reaches Texas : unk more because to Corona
Washington - This first hurricane of this year &apos;s season over the Atlantic has sounk in Texas .
Lifethreatening floods , strong winds unk heavy rainfall now threatened parts of the US state , unk unk unk riricane center of the US climate center NOAA at night on Sunday ( local time ) unk unk
Governor Greg Abbott called for emergency for many districts .
According to the media media media media , the the work of in Texas , Abbott , according to the US media .
Evacuated called for caution
&quot; Every hurricane is a tremendous challenge , &quot; unk Abbott according to the newspaper &quot; Houston Chronicle &quot; .
Looking a to the cycyclone Texas Texas , he added &quot; unk unk unk is complicated complicated is is ated ated considering considering it swesweeping through an area that is the most affected affected the most affected by Covid-19 . &quot;
According to Johns Hopkins University , around 5,000 people have died in alone alone alone as a result of the Corona pandemalone .
Abbott called for people who who had to leave their homes .
They unk practices , unk unk unk unk unk unk to &quot; &quot; &quot; , , , unk unk wearing masks unk said the governor according to CBS unk
It is important that everyone stopped .
Therefore , unk in some places also hotel rooms provided unk .
unk should be tested in emergency shelters .
Damage was initially only reported from the coastal town of Port Mansfield .
Storm warning withdrawn
At wind speeds of up to 150 kilometers per hour , unk Hanna was &quot; hit hit on on the unk island re re re Island off off the Texas coast .
The tropical storm was previously upgraded to the lowest level one hurricane .
For the coastal section of Port Mansfield unk Sargent , a unk was enenand and later withdrawn .
unk expected a weakening , unk &quot; Hanna anna &quot; ininland and headed to nornortheast astern Mexico .
&quot; Douglas &quot; is moving in Hawaii
In the Pacific , Hurricane cane Douglas &quot; &quot; headed Hawaii Hawaii at night at Sunday with wind speeds of about 150 kilometers per hour .
The hurricane center unk , however , that it continues to weaken unk .
According to prediction , it is is on Sunday ( local time ) near the largest islands of Hawaii - then as a storm just below the hurricane threshold .
Above the Atlantic , NOAA expected an above-e-hurricane cane this year after a prediction the unk .
From June to unk November , up to ten hurricanes are to be , unk unk could become up to six very cycyclones , the agency had declared .
unk average there are unk year over unk Atlantic six hurricanes , three unk develop into storms of great strength
In view of available climate data and the higher water temperature in the Atlantic and the Caribbean , the likelihood of normal normal season only only percent percent , which of a abowaverage unk unk unk ten percent , it was said at the time .
US President Donald Trump wrote on Twitter that his government closely watching the storms and was in contact with the affected concerned .
Four goals cancpped : Video assistant &quot; punished &quot; Sassuolo
Sassuolos Filip Djuricic were scored two goals
Naples - Four goals unk , four unk repped oked : Sassuolo unk experienced a ravenblack evening at 0 0 2 ( 0 0 : ) ) at SSC Naples Naples the Italian football league Serie A - and was really sgry unk the video assistant of the assistant .
&quot; A festival of ungiven gates for Sassuolo .
The VAR has never been so hard against a a team , &quot; commented the &quot; Corriere dello Sport &quot; .
Host Naples had taken lead through a goal of defdefender Elseid Hisaj in the 8th minute , in the 32nd minute Filip Djurjuricic cheered the minute .
The Video Assistant Referee ( unk ) unk the the hit due to a side side position .
Five minutes later , Djuricic shot the ball unk into the net - again the AR AR intervened ed .
unk the goals of attackers Francesco unk ( 50. ) and Domenico Berardi ( 61 1st ) withthe referreferreferteam after reference ating the VAR .
In the extra time , Allan made the 2-0-final score for Naples and the bitter evening for Sassusuolo .
&quot; The VAR is unk Sassuolo worse than a unk on the street and punishes Sassuolo like no unk before .
The new technology ensures records , &quot; writes the &quot; Gazzetta unk Sport unk unk
FC Bayern München : unk injured
Munich unk dpa ) - The start of the hot preparatory phase unk the Champions League began for unk FC Bayern with unk setback .
Hansi Flick lick , who who been &quot; &quot; &quot; unk unk few few training and and few training days days , to think after after the first team training how unk unk can unk his successful defense after the injury of world champion Benjamin Pavard .
The Frenchman , who has the Manuel most minutes midfielbehind behind JosManuel KmidmidJosJoshua most immich ich unk suffered a band injury injury the unk unk foot and threatens to be missing in decisive royal class duels .
In the Munich dirgling weather , the defender broke a training training unk and was driven off the course with a golf kart .
unk long the unrestricted phas unfull unk in the fight for the unk , is open unk
A match in the round round round match match ChelChelsea on 8 August may be difficult to , hope for the final tournament unk unk the year-old , which began on 12 August in August .
unk Bavaria do not want to be stopped by the mishap from training on Sunday .
Flick named in his personal unk the three attributes he wants to see from his stars on the way to Portugal &apos;s capital .
Quality unk unk and concentration should show his vicwinning winning winning collectors ectors ectors the ideally following 28 unk the the King class final on on 23 unk
&quot; We have the unk unk championship and cup just excellent unk .
Now it is important to create the special thing , &quot; said Flick .
Until unk unk the people can deal deal crecreely ely with unk unk and a camp camp camp unk unk unk unk unk unk unk to duty duty round final duty against FC Chelsea .
After unk 3 : unk in the first leg before the Corona break , the Londoners unk unk unk unk unk unk in the lost &quot; Finale dahoam unk unk unk unk unk unk .
&quot; We have to get the door .
unk want to win , create good conditions for recharge your confidence with a good game , &quot; demanded demanded .
A test for is is scheduled on Friday against Marseille que Marseille .
With a long speech , Flick had sworn his stars , who had 13 13 days 13 after unk unk Double unk unk a unique August .
31 players welcomed unk on SäbenbenStraße Straße , unk unk the new players about noble purchasing Leroerounk unk unk for the first time after his change from Manchester unk all new colleagues on the unk unk unk
&quot; Leroy did well like all new new , &quot; Flick lick .
But instead of unk unk over the new season , when Sané &amp; Co. are no longer allowed to train , , Flick lick rather about the unk title project of German unk .
After days of individual and small group training , team team now now trained for for the London , , are contrast unk unk unk rock ensemble in game rhythm .
unk could face the quarMunich als quarter-finals Barcelona FC Barcelona and Lionel Messi , in the semifinals Real Madrid , Manchester unk or Juventus are possible opponents .
unk way to the final in Lisbon &quot; not not so easy &quot; &quot; stressed the coach coach , who can rely on the on the his new assistant Miassistant slav slav Kltraining in Tuesday .
The World Championship record scorer unk and Flick know know some tournament tournament preparation , which is important the the 0-100 100 tuning .
With his current team , the work is &quot; a pleasure &quot; , pralick pralick .
unk &quot; focusing on winning &quot; is an impressive characteristic of his team .
The tournament with nine-teams was was was unk on Sunday .
All of the performers were were present , including the ThThiago defdefender David Alaba , whose whereabouts is not secured beyond the royal class season .
Formula 1 needs a special rule to select its world champion
Since it cannot number on the required number of continents , the FIA must improvise to award award the World Championship titles .
All American races were cancelled .
Race calendar unk increasingly concrete
unk race calendar of the current Formula One season continues to take shape .
In addition to the ten confirmed Grand Prix to far , three more race tracks were added during the week .
In October , the Nürgrgrgrgrin in Germany and Portimão in Portuguese .
On the first of November , Lewis Hamilton and Co. will fight for unk on the Italian traditional race track in Imola .
Thus , calendar 2020 race calendar currently includes 13 unk .
unk We are pleased to we continue to achieve unk unk unk the completion of our plans for unk 2020 season , &quot; said Formula 1 boss Chase Carey .
A total of 15 to 18 races in the premier class unk unk are to be completed in this extraordinary season .
unk wants Formula 1 its season in Asia .
The unk race calendar will be fixed and published in the coming weeks .
According to media reports , performances ances in Vietnam Vietnam and and Malaysia at the end of reports could the the the officially races in Bahrain unk Abu Dhabi unk December .
Regulations demands race on three unk
The regulations of unk 1 require at least races races three unk for the award of the World Championship .
Even if , as currently planned , only is two continents continents , there will be a world champion .
With the help of a special rule , the FIA wants to award the titles under unk for &quot; extraordinary circumstances &quot; because of the coronavvirus pandemic .
The traditional start of the season in unk in March had to be cancelled in the short term due to unk unk Coronshort crisis .
A return to the continent of unk unk this year is not a unk .
In addition , Formula 1 will unk be guest in America guest unk America .
Cancusection with criticism
Due to the tense corsituation , the races unk Canada will not take place in the USA , Mexico and Brazil .
&quot; We look forward to to with them again in the unk season , &quot; Carey ey .
The rejusof unk America came met criticism criticism especially in Brazil Brazil unk unk The usnot not surprising surprising surprising , , we we not not accept the reasons for it , &quot; said Tamas Rohonyi , promoter of the Grand Prix in São Paulo .
For example , the infection figures in the São Paulo area are significantly lower than in unk unk unk Brazil .
The concerns of some teams about not anting to drive in Brazil would also not justify unk .
We are prepared for the required security measures .
unk Thunberg : Evil look against Donald Trump went around the world
Greta Thunberg unk about her meeting unk US President Donald unk .
Greta Thunberg was a guest in the well-known latenight show by unk Colbert via video switch and revealed in in interview interview what she had in mind with her unk unk Donald Trump .
unk Greta Thunberg was a guest at a popular US Latenight show .
Among other things , she things about her fight against the unk of the world unk
unk unk her famous &quot; evil gaze &quot; her encounter encounter Donald Trump Trump , teenthe teenspoke .
New York City - In the past two unk , climate activist Greta Thununk unk unk unk unk tiessesscommitment for unk &quot; Fridays For Future unk unk
unk a well-known a well-known ight latenight show about her plans in the future as well as her meeting with US President Donald Trump at the UN climate summit in unk year .
unk Stephen Colbert welcomed 17-year-old Thunberg on Tuesday interview with unk unk unk Tuesday a of your unk unk unk .
She spoke not only unk her fight against climate change , but also about her conflict with the powerful of the world .
&quot; There are some things that surprised me , &quot; she said .
&quot; How far people go to steer unk unk unk from the climate crisis , &quot; shshockunk unk
&quot; Everything from organized hate campaigns to threats just because a group of children take to the streets &quot; she experienced .
unk and leading politicians who mock against them on social media or even try to get them to , find &quot; funny funny &quot; because they show the reactions , &quot; since they have no other answer to it &quot; unk
It became particularly interesting at the end of the interview , when Greta Thunberg became on a well-known unk unk , in which she threw a President itter unk a bitter President Trump .
At the UN climate summit 2019 in New unk , for which the nude visor sailed across the Atlantic , her expressive sive was unk by unk cameras has since been seen by countless people on the Internet .
The short clip resulted in a GIF , i.e. an animated image , which ultimately became unk one of the most commonly used images for Trump opponents .
But what did the 17-year-old think about the US president unk
unk the relatively open question of Stephen Colbert answered answered answered briefly dry dry dry &quot; To To honest honest , I I that doesn &apos;t need any further explanation &quot; .
The experienced satirist unk probably not not expected the quickact-ready answer and disappeared briefly laughpicture from laughpicture .
With her &quot; How dare you ? &quot; speech unk unk Principles of climate Protection , she remained remembered on the unk of many .
unk Immobile with three pack for Lazio Rome
Ciro Immobile is now the par with with &apos;s Robert Lewandowski in with Bavaria &apos;s Robert LeGolden shoe .
Former Dortmund Ciro Immobile continues has the best chance of becoming the top scscorer of the Italian football Championship .
unk former BVprofessional professional unk at 5 : 1 ( 1 : unk unk victory by Lazio Rome at Hellas unk unk unk , including two two penalty penalty in the extra seasons of both halhalunk
This means that unk 30-ds ds 34 34 season season season season 34 34 34 34 34 34 his - just as as Robert Robert LeLeowski unk Bayern Bayern Bayern scored in the unk unk .
In Italy CrisCristiRonRondo follows follows 30 30 of unk unk the Portuguese superstar met Sampleader the Genoa with the oa in Genoa .
Fleetwood Mac founder unk Green died
His life was like a roller ercoaster ride unk After unk rapid rise FleFleetwood Mac went unk steeply downhill and then slowly up again .
Now the bluesrock guitarist unk Green has died at the age of 73 .
Ingenious guitarist , drug junkjunk, cult pendant : The co-founder of the band Fleetwood Mac unk Peter Green , is unk .
He died peacefully efully in his sleep at the age of 73 , family members on unk unk in a unk statement that another unk would be announced for the unk days .
Top musicians like Peter Frampton recognized Green as one of the best blues and rock guitarists .
Mick Fleetwood spoke in an emotional reaction of a &quot; monumental loss &quot; unk all unk and current members of the band Fleetwood Mac .
The drummer unk and the guitarist unk had long unk unk legendary legendary band in 1967 1967 1967 unk is is this today is his dreamy instrumental hit &quot; Albatross &quot; .
&quot; unk End unk The Game &quot; , &quot; In The Skies &quot; was bled a a ercoaster ride ride
With Fleetwood Mac unk experienced a rapid rise - the unk celebrated its biggest unk but unk without unk .
unk other said to have said said have among disp, unk unk unk unk unk unk the profits of the profits charcharity .
He began to appear in wide robes and unk large crucifix .
Psychic problems are also said to have played a role unk
Three years after unk unk unk unk Green the band in 1970 .
This was followed by a social drink .
unk Bluesrock guitarist unk under drug abuse and schizophrenia unk as biographers reported .
For a long time , Green was treated unk in psychiatry unk
During most of the unk years the musician disappeared from the scene .
He is said to have lived on the street at a time , worked as a cemetery gardener and spent spent unk unk Israeli unk Israeli kibbz .
Green was born in 1946 nal Green Green Green in Bethnal Green in London .
Already in young unk unk he worked for unk like B.B. King unk Muddy Waters .
At the age of eleven he learned the first guitar guitar .
At the age of 15 , the teenager began playing guitar professionally and got years later got years as guas lead guitarist for the instrumental band Peter B &apos;s Loononers
Little was was was red as a replacement for his idol Eric unk with the doesbreakers .
In the middle of the blues boom , Green founded Fleetwood Mac Mac the summer of 1967 1967 along with his bluesbreakers colleagues unk unk and John McVie .
The unk &quot; Albatross &quot; composed by Green gave the unk the first number 1 hit in the winter of 1968 / unk and catapulted them to the unk of British unk .
But the rapid rise soon showed unk unk : Green unk did not show the buype , , experiments experiments of the drug LSD became increasingly extreme .
He later commented on the life between music and addiction in an interview : &quot; The unk that what unk unk unk life unk are the unk - the best was unk to land a number 1 hit &quot; .
Towards the end of the decade , unk unk succeeded surprisingly unk success with unk album inspired by religious themes .
unk Mac Mac am am without him in unk him on a unk .
Their 1977 album &quot; Rumours &quot; sold more than 40 million copies .
Despite the little solo successes , Green did not make a comcomack ack unk until he he unk unk unk unk with 1996 group of a unk in 1996 .
The British &quot; Daily unk &quot; spoke of a unk returned to Earth .
Free from drugs unk Green with the Peter Green Splinter Group some albums until the band unk unk 2004 .
For music experts , he was already a blues legend during his lifetime - and with his gentle sound of a unk unk most influential guitarist of the past decades .
