this is because you have mocked Allah &apos;s Ayat and the life of this world deceived you !
then all praise is due to Allah , the Lord of the heavens and the Lord of the earth , to the Lord of all creation .
and to Him belongs the glory in the heavens and on the earth ; and He is the All-Worthy , the All-Wise .
Ha @ mim .
the successive sending down of Scripture is of Allah , the All-Worthy , the All-Wise .
We did not create the heavens , the earth and what is between them , except according to law and time limit ; and those who pursued Kufr are turning away from what they were warned of .
Say : &quot; Have you seen what you appeal to instead of Allah ? show me what they created from the earth !
or do they have a participation in heaven ? Bring me a scripture from before this ( Quran ) or something left behind from knowledge if you are true . &quot;
and no one is more mistaken than he who pleads instead of Allah to what does not hear him until the Day of Resurrection ; and they are heedless of their supplication .
and when men are gathered together , they will be enemies for them , and they will also be engaged in their service .
and when Our Ayat is presented to them as clear , those who pursued Kufr say to the truth after she came to them , &quot; This is a clear magic . &quot;
or do they say , &quot; he invented him &quot; ? !
Say : &quot; If I had invented it , you would not be able to do anything for me before Allah !
he knows better what you blaspheme about him .
Allah suffices as a witness between me and you .
and He is the Forgiving , the Merciful . &quot;
Say , &quot; I was not a novelty among the messengers , and I do not know what is done to me , nor to you .
I follow only what is given to me as Wahy , and I am nothing more than a clear warner . &quot;
Say , &quot; How do you see it ? He should be of Allah , and you do to Kufr . &quot;
and a witness of the children of Israel testified to his equal , and then internalized the iman , while you rose up in arrogance .
and those who did Kufr said to those who internalized Iman , &quot; If he were a good thing , they would not have preceded us . &quot;
and since they found no guidance through him , they will say , &quot; This is an old Ifk @ lie . &quot;
and before him the scripture of Musa was an Imam and a grace ; and this is a affirmative scripture in Arabic , that he may warn those who committed injustice , and be a glad tidings to Muhsin .
Surely those who said , &quot; Our Lord is Allah , &quot; then behaved straightforwardly , there is no fear of them , nor will they be sad .
These are the companions of Jannah , in whom they remain forever in retribution for what they used to do .
and WE assigned man to prove Ihsan to his parents ; his mother was pregnant with him in hardship and gave birth to him in hardship .
and ( the time ) of pregnancy with him and his weaning is thirty months .
then when he reached maturity and turned forty years old , he said : &quot; My Lord !
Give me that I may be grateful to Your benefit which YOU have granted to me and to my parents , and that I may do good pleasing to God in which YOU may be pleased .
yes ! I regretted You and certainly I am of the Muslims . &quot;
these are the ones from whom WE accept the best of what they did and look upon their God-absent deeds WE with the companions of the Jannah .
and the one who said to his parents , &quot; Foolish for you !
You promise me that I will be brought forth , and the generations before me have already passed away . &quot;
and both call Allah for help and say , &quot; Your downfall !
Internalize the Iman ! Allah &apos;s promise is certainly true . &quot;
then he says , &quot; This is nothing but the legends of the former . &quot;
these are those against them that was said right , under Umam , who passed away before them , from the Jinn and the people ; surely they were losers .
and for both there are positions for what they did , and He will reward them for their deeds , and they will not be wronged .
and on the day when those who practiced Kufr are subjected to fire : &quot; You have consumed and enjoyed your Tay @ yibat in your earthly life , and today you will be rewarded for the punishment of humiliation because of how you wrongly rose in arrogance on earth , and because of how you used to do Fisq . &quot;
and mention the brother of &apos; Aad when he warned his people in Al &apos;yahqaf , and already the warners passed away before him and behind him : &quot; serve nothing but Allah ! yes ! I fear for you the torment of a mighty day . &quot;
they said , &quot; Did you come to us to stop us from our gods ?
then bring us what you threaten us , you should be of the truthful . &quot;
he said , &quot; Knowledge is only with Allah , and I tell you what I was sent with , but I see you as people who are ignorant . &quot;
and when they saw it as a rain cloud passing over their valleys , they said , &quot; This is a rain cloud that will rain on us . &quot;
no , but it is that with which you have demanded haste , a wind with which is a painful torment ,
he destroys all things with the instruction of his Lord .
then they became such that nothing other than their dwellings is seen ; and in such a way We repay the seriously missing people .
and surely We have already established them in which We have not established you , and We have made them hearing , eyes and understanding , but neither their hearing , nor their eyes , nor their intellect , have benefited them , denying Allah &apos;s Ayat , and they have surrounded what they used to mock .
and surely We have already destroyed that which is around you in towns , and have made clear the Ayats that they may repent .
and would have assisted them those who took themselves as diviners instead of Allah !
no , but they have lost them , and this is their Ifk lie and what they used to invent .
and ( remember ) when WE turned to you a group of the Jinn who listened to the Quran , and when they were present at him , they said , &quot; Listen ! &quot;
and then , when it stopped , they returned to their people as warning ends .
they said , &quot; Our people !
Surely we heard a scripture sent down to Musa confirming what was before her , leading to the truth and to a straightforward way right .
Our people ! follow Allah &apos;s Da &apos;wa @ doers and internalize the iman to Him . He forgives you your faults and protects you from painful torment .
and whoever does not follow Allah &apos;s doers , does not trouble ( Allah ) on earth , and he has no Wali instead of Him .
did they not see that Allah , Who created the heavens and the earth and did not tire because of their creation , has omnipotence to enliven the dead ?
Yet , certainly ! surely , He is omnipotent above all .
and on the day when those who practiced Kufr are subjected to fire , &quot; Is this not the truth ? &quot; they said , &quot; Yet , surely , by our Lord ! &quot;
he said , &quot; so learn the punishment for what you used to do with Kufr . &quot;
so be patient , as Ululazm of the messengers patiently practiced , and demand no haste with them .
for them it is on the day when they see what they are threatened with , as if they have not stayed more than an hour during the day .
this is a message . Are other than the fisq ’ -@ operating people destroyed ? !
to those who operated Kufr and stopped him from ALLAH &apos;s path , He let their actions be lost .
and to those who have internalized the iman , done good pleasing to God , and have internalized the iman to that which Muhammad was sent down - and it is the truth of their Lord - He redeemed their deeds displeased with God and improved their situation .
this is because those who pursued Kufr followed him who had been annulled , and those who internalized the iman who followed the truth of their Lord .
and when you meet those who have pursued Kufr , there is the beating on the necks . then if you have inflicted heavy losses on them , then tighten the shackles . Thereafter is either pardon or release until the war abandons its burdens . It is this ! and if Allah wanted , He would certainly retaliate on them , but so that He may examine some of you through the others , and those who have been killed , He will never let their actions be lost .
he will guide them and improve their situation .
and He will cause them to enter into the Jannah which He made known to them .
you who have internalized the iman !
when you assist Allah , He assists you and strengthens your feet .
and for those who operated Kufr there is decay , and He let their actions be lost .
because they were averse to what Allah sent down , He destroyed their actions .
have they not gone about on earth , that they may see what was before them ?
Allah caused destruction to fall on them , and there is the same for the Kafir .
This is because Allah is certainly the Maula of those who internalized Iman , and there is certainly no Maula for the Kafir .
Indeed , Allah allows those who have internalized Iman and done good pleasing to God to enter into Jannath , which is crossed by rivers ; and those who have practiced Kufr have fun and eat as the An &apos;am eat ; and the fire is a abode for them .
and how many places which were even more mighty than your place which drove you , We destroyed ; so there is no assist for them .
is he who has clarity from his Lord like the one to whom the evil of his doings has been made beautiful ?
( is about ) the parable of the Janna promised to the Muttaqi - in it are rivers with incorruptible water , rivers with milk , whose taste never changes , rivers with the drinkers tasty wine , and rivers with filtered honey .
and for them there is therein of all the fruits and forgiveness of their Lord , like him that abideth in the fire for ever ? and they were watered with boiling water , and it tore their intestines .
and among them are some who listen to you , then after they had left you , they said to those who received the knowledge , &quot; What did he say earlier ? &quot;
these are those whose hearts Allah sealed , and they followed their inclinations .
and those who found guidance increased HE &apos;s guidance and granted them their Taqwa .
are they waiting for anything other than the hour when she suddenly comes to them ?
So already their signs came , and how will they remember when they come to them ?
so establish it by knowledge that there is certainly no deity but Allah , and ask forgiveness for your transgression and for the Moomin men and Moomin women , and Allah knows your journey and your lodging .
and those who internalized the iman say , &quot; a Sura would be sent down ! &quot;
and when a clear Sura has been sent down and the battle has been mentioned in it , you saw those in whose hearts illness is looking at you as the staring of the one who becomes unconscious during dying .
so decline is close to them !
Obedience and approved word ( is better for them ) , and if the matter becomes serious , they would become true to Allah , it would be better for them .
would you , if you take responsibility , cause ruin on earth and break your ties of kinship ?
these are the ones whom Allah cursed , so He made them deaf and blind .
don &apos;t they think about the Quran ? ! or are there castles on ( some ) hearts ? !
Certainly , to those who turned their backs after the guidance became visible to them , Satan made it easy for them and made them hope .
this is because they were certainly averse to those who were averse to what Allah sent down little by little , saying , &quot; We will obey you in some things &quot; and Allah knows their secrets .
and how then , when the angels drew in their ( souls ) , do they strike their faces and their backs ?
this because they followed what provoked the wrath of Allah , and they were averse to His pleasure , so He let their actions fall into it .
or did those in whose hearts is sickness think that Allah will never bring forth their resentment ?
and if We wanted it , surely We would have shown you it , then you will surely recognize it by its characteristics , and you recognize it by the hint with what has been said .
and Allah knows your actions .
and WE will examine you , that We may know among you those who do jihad and those who practice patiently , and that We may examine your affairs .
Certainly , those who pursued Kufr have kept themselves from Allah &apos;s way and have resisted the Messenger after the guidance became visible to them , harm Allah in nothing ; and He will destroy their actions .
you who have internalized the iman !
obey Allah and obey the Messenger and do not let your actions be nullified !
Certainly , those who pursued Kufr and stopped him from Allah &apos;s way , then died while they were Kafir , Allah will never forgive them .
and you are the superior , and Allah is with you , and He will certainly never diminish your actions .
the earthly life is only mischief and pleasure ! and when you internalize the iman and Taqwa , he gives you your reward and does not ask of you your wealth .
and if He asks for it , and then goes with you to the limit , you will stingy , and He will bring forth your resentment .
there you are called to donate fi @ sabilillah , and among you there are those who will be stingy .
but whoever is stingy only miserly towards himself .
and ALLAH is the absolute self-sufficient and you are the poor .
and when you turn your back , He exchanges you for other people , they will not be like you .
Surely WE let you achieve a clear victory ,
that Allah may forgive you what has happened and will still happen of your failure , complete His benefit , guide you on a straight path ,
and Allah assists you with a worthy victory .
He is the One Who sent heart rest down into the hearts of the Moomin , that they might gain more iman to their iman , and Allah belongs to the helpers of the heavens and the earth . and Allah is always omniscient , all-wise .
he will let the mummy men and the mummy women who have flowed through rivers enter Jannat as Eternal in it , and redeem their deeds displeased with God , and this is always a tremendous success with Allah .
and HE will be the Munafiq – @ men and the Munafiq – @ women and the Muschrik men and the Muschrik – @ women who think about ALLAH the bad thinking .
and Allah was angry with them , cursed them , and prepared for them Jahannam ; and she is wretched as becoming .
and Allah belong to the helpers of the heavens and the earth ; and Allah is always worthy , all wise .
Surely We sent you as a witness , bearer of glad tidings and warner ,
that you may internalize the iman to Allah and His Messenger , assist Him ( Din ) , glorify Him , and praise Him after sunrise and before sunset .
Indeed , those who do to you to Bai &apos;a actually afford Bai &apos;a Allah ; Allah affirms their handshake ; whoever breaks ( him ) will only break ( him ) against himself , and whoever fulfils what he has committed himself to Allah , to him He will grant a huge reward .
those left behind by the desert Arabs will tell you : &quot; We were occupied with our wealth and our families , so please forgive us ! &quot;
they say with their tongues what is not in their hearts .
Say : Who has anything of Allah for you if He wants to harm you , or wants something useful for you ?
no , but Allah is omnipotent in what you do .
no , but you thought that the Messenger and the Moomin would never return to their families , and this was made beautiful in your hearts , you thought the bad thinking , and you were lost people .
and whoever does not internalize Iman to Allah and His Messenger , We did prepare for the Kafir heat .
and Allah belongs to the dominion of the heavens and the earth ; He forgives whomsoever He wills , and torments whomsoever He wills ; and Allah is Forgiving , Forgiving .
those left behind will say , &quot; If you go to the looted goods to take them , let us follow you ! &quot;
&quot; Then they will say , &quot; No , but you envy us . &quot;
no , but they did not understand except a little .
Say to those left behind by the desert Arabs : &quot; You are called to people of violent violence , you fight against them or they become Muslims .
and if you obey , Allah grants you a beautiful reward , and if you turn your back as you have turned your back before , He will subject you to a painful torment . &quot;
neither for the blind it is a transgression , nor for the lame it is a transgression , nor for the sick it is a transgression ; and whoever obeys Allah and His Messenger , He will cause him to enter into Jannath , which is crossed by rivers ; and whoever turns his back torments HE a tormenting torment .
Certainly , Allah is already satisfied with the Moomin when they did Bai &apos;a to you under the tree , then He knew what is in their hearts , then He sent the rest of their hearts upon them and rewarded them with a near victory
and many looted goods which they shall possess ; and Allah is always worthy , all-wise .
Allah promised you many looted goods which you possess , so He hastened them and held back the hands of the people from you , and so that this would become an Aya for the Moomin , and He would guide you to a straight path .
others ( He promised you ) over whom you had no power that Allah already knows comprehensively , and Allah is always omnipotent above all .
and if those who have pursued Kufr were to fight against you , if they would certainly turn their backs on them , they will not find Wali or assisted .
this is ALLAH &apos;s action , which has already been applied , and you will not find any deviation from ALLAH &apos;s action .
and He is the One Who withheld their hands from you and your hands from them in the midst of the Makkah Valley , after He had made you prevail over them .
and Allah is always all-seeing about what you do .
they are the ones who operated Kufr and stopped you from Almasjidil @ haram and prevented the sacrificial animals from reaching their destination .
and if there were not mummy men and mummy women - whom you do not know , who would step down without knowledge and then meet you because of them damaging , ( do not hold back your hands from them ) , so that Allah may enter into His grace whom He wills .
and if they had separated , We would certainly have tormented those of them who pursued Kufr .
( and remind us ) , when those who pursued Kufr cherished in their hearts the rejecting pride , the rejecting pride of the Jahiliya , then Allah sent down from Him on His Messenger and on the Moomin , committing them to the word of the Taqwa , and they were more entitled to it and its people .
and ALLAH is always omniscient about everything .
Surely Allah truthfully truthed the dream face of His Messenger , for you will enter , inscha @ allah , Almasjidil @ haram , safely with shaved heads or with short-cut ( hair ) .
and He knew what you did not know , and after this He made a near victory .
He is the One Who sent His Messenger with guidance and the Din of truth , that He might surpass him all Din , and Allah suffices as a witness .
Muhammad is Allah &apos;s Messenger , and those with him are harsh against the Kafir , merciful among themselves .
you see them as Ruku &apos; - and Sujujud- performers , they strive for favor from Allah and pleasure .
their characteristics are in their faces of the Sujud -@ effect .
This is their parable in At @ taurat , as well as their parable in the Alindschil . It is like a plant that drove its shoots , then it strengthened them , then they became firm , then they stood straight on their stems , it pleases the sowers , so that He excites with them the Kafir . It is a parable in the Alindschil .
Allah promised forgiveness and a huge reward to those of them who internalized Iman and did good to God .
you who have internalized the iman !
Do not prejudge Allah and His Messenger , and act Taqwa according to Allah ! surely Allah is Hearing , Knowing .
you who have internalized the iman !
do not raise your voices above the voice of the Prophet , and do not be as loud to him with what is said as some of you are loud to others , otherwise your actions will be destroyed while you do not notice it .
Certainly , those who dampen their voices before Allah &apos;s messengers are those whose hearts Allah tested for the Taqwa ; for them forgiveness and huge reward is destined .
Certainly , those who call you from beyond the Hujurat , most of them do not understand .
and if they had practiced patience until you came out to them , it would certainly be better for them ; and Allah is Forgiving , Gracious .
you who have internalized the iman !
when a Fasiq comes to you with a message , make sure that you do not hurt people by ignorance , and then you become repentant for what you have done .
and know that among you is Allah &apos;s Messenger ; if he were to listen to you in many of the matters , you would surely suffer from inconvenience ; but Allah has made you love the iman and made it appear beautiful in your hearts , and has made you abhor the Kufr , the Fisq , and the resistance ; these are the true reasonable ones .
it is a favor of Allah and blessing . and Allah is Knowing , Wise .
and should fight two groups of the Moomin , then reconcile them to each other ; and if one of them commit transgression against the other , then fight the one who transgresses until she returns to Allah &apos;s instruction ; and when she then returns , then reconcile both to righteousness , and be righteous ; surely Allah loves the righteous .
the Moomin are siblings , so reconcile your brethren , and act against Taqwa according to Allah , that grace may be shown to you .
you who have internalized the iman ! neither men should make fun of ( other ) men - maybe they are better than them , nor women about ( other ) women - maybe they are better than them . and do not make each other bad and do not give you swear names ! pathetic is the Fisq -@ name after the iman .
you who have internalized the iman ! avoid most of the speculation !
Certainly , some speculation is a misconduct ; and do not spy , and some of you shall not commit Ghibah against others !
may one of you feed on the flesh of his dead brother ?
so you have abhorred it .
and acts Taqwa according to Allah ! surely Allah is True , Merciful .
you people !
Surely We created you from a male and a female , and made you peoples and tribes , that you might know each other .
Certainly , the most worthy of you at Allah is the one with the most Taqwa .
Certainly , Allah is Knowing , Knowing .
the desert Arabs said , &quot; We internalized the iman . &quot;
Say , &quot; You have not internalized the iman , but say , &apos; We have become Muslims , &apos; but the iman has not yet penetrated your hearts .
and if you obey Allah and His Messenger , He will not subdue you from your actions . &quot;
the Moomin are only those who internalized the Iman to Allah and His Messenger , then had no doubt , and did jihad with their wealth and themselves fi @ sabilillah .
say , &quot; Do you want to teach Allah about your Din ?
and Allah knows what is in the heavens and what is on the earth , &quot; and Allah is Knowing about everything .
they reproach you for accepting Islam .
Say , &quot; Do not reproach me for your Islam ; no , but Allah has shown you grace to guide you to Iman if you are true . &quot;
Indeed , Allah knows the hidden things of the heavens and the earth , and Allah is Seeing all that you do .
Qaf . at the glorious Quran !
no , but they were amazed that a warner came to them from them , so the Kafir said : &quot; This is something amazing !
if we died and became earth , ( will we return ) ?
this is a distant return . &quot;
We already knew what the earth takes away from them , and with Us is a preserving Scripture .
no , but they denied the true when it came to them , so they are in a confused situation .
did they not look at the sky above them as We built and decorated it , and it has no cracks ?
and We stretched out the earth , established in it the mountains , and caused upon it every joyful duality to sprout
as an insight and admonition for every reversing servant .
and WE gradually let water fall from the sky full of Baraka , then We let Jannath and reapable grains sprout with it
as well as high date palms bearing tufted fruits ,
as Rizq for the servants . and thus WE animated a dead village .
denied before them have the people of Nuh , the inhabitants of Ar ’ -@ rass and Thamud
and &apos; Aad , Pharaoh , and the brethren of Lut ,
as well as the inhabitants of Al @ aika and the people of Tubba .
were WE overwhelmed with the first creation ? ! no , but they are in confusion before a new creation .
and surely We have already created man and WE know what his soul whispers to him , and WE are closer to him than his carotid artery .
if ( him ) the two recipients receive sitting from the right and from the left .
he utters no word without being a supervisor present with him .
and the dawn of dying came truthfully . This is what you were averse to .
and it was pushed into Ace @ sur . This is the day of threat .
and every soul came , with her a guide and a witness .
Certainly , you have already been careless about it , then we took away your covering from you , then your vision is sharp today .
and his ( close ) companion said , &quot; This is what is present with me . &quot;
&quot; Throw every extremely stubborn Kufr @ operator in Jahannam ,
who was extremely preventing the good , transgressing and doubtful
the one who joined another deity besides Allah , throws him into hard punishment .
his ( close ) companion said : &quot; Our Lord !
I didn &apos;t let him pass , but he was going astray . &quot;
he said , &quot; Do not argue before Me where I have already sent you the threat .
what is said is never changed with Me , and I am not an injustice to the servants . &quot;
on the day when WE say to Jahannam , &quot; Are you full ? ! &quot;
and she says , &quot; Is there no more ? &quot;
and the Janna was brought closer to the Muttaqi without being far .
this is what you have been promised for every preserving reversal ,
who had reverence for the all-gracious and came with a repentant heart .
&quot; Enter them with Salam . This is the day of eternity . &quot;
for them is determined in what they will ; and with Us there is more .
and how many WE destroyed before them generations who were even more violent in violence than they were , then they sought in the countries whether there was a escape .
Surely therein is a reminder to him for whom there was or who listened while he was a witness .
and surely We already created the heavens , the earth and what is between them in six Ay @ yam , and We had no fatigue whatsoever .
then be patient with what they say , and praise with the praise of your Lord before sunrise and sunset .
and in one part of the night praise Him and after Sujud !
and listen on the day when the caller calls from a nearby place .
on the day when they truthfully hear the cry , this is the day of origin .
surely We are the One who enlivens and causes to die , and to Us is becoming ,
on the day when the earth breaks upon them ( as they hurry ) , this is an easy gathering for Us .
Certainly WE know better about what they say , and you are not an enforcer about them .
so exhort with the Quran those who are afraid of My threat .
at the spreading scattering ends ,
then the heavy bearing ,
then the one who moves in ease ,
then the one dividing the matter !
what is promised to you is true .
and surely the Din will surely happen .
at the sky of circular tracks !
Surely you are different views ,
is dissuaded from who was dissuaded .
Death be to the liars ,
who remain careless in the depths ( of ignorance ) .
they ask , &quot; When does the day of Din happen ? &quot;
&quot; on the day when they are subjected to the Fitna in the fire . &quot;
learn your Fitna !
this is what you used to ask for in a hurry .
certainly , the Muttaqi are in Jannath and at sources ,
they take what their Lord gave them ; surely they used to be before this Muhsin .
they used to sleep a little from the night ,
and before dawn they asked for forgiveness .
and in their assets is a right for the petitioner and the excluded .
and on earth are Ayat for the certainty -@ aspiring
as well as within yourself . do you have no insight ? !
and in heaven is your rizq and what is promised to you .
with the Lord of heaven and earth , surely it is true , just as it is true that you speak .
was you given the report about Ibrahim &apos;s appreciated guests ? !
when they came to him and said , &quot; Salam ( be with you ) ! &quot;
he said , &quot; Salam ( be with you ) , you unknown people ! &quot;
then he went unnoticed to his family , then he came with a well-fed calf ,
then he put it before them , he said , &quot; Don &apos;t you eat ? &quot;
then he hid fear from them . They said , &quot; Do not be afraid ! &quot;
and they brought him glad tidings about an extremely knowledgeable boy .
then his wife came in sheer exuberance , slapped her face and said , &quot; I am a barren old man ! &quot;
They said , &quot; Your Lord said in this way ; surely He is the Wise , the Knowing . &quot;
he said , &quot; What is your desire , you messengers ? &quot;
they said , &quot; Surely we were sent to heavily missing people ,
that we may send upon them stones of clay ,
who are marked by your Lord for the wicked . &quot;
then We brought out who was in her from the Moomin .
then WE found in it only a house of Muslims .
and WE left in it an Aya for those who are afraid of the agonizing torment .
and with Musa ( there was an Aya ) when WE sent him to Pharaoh with clear evidence .
then he turned to his protectors and said , &quot; ( he is ) a magician or mentally disturbed . &quot;
then We punished him with his soldiers , then We threw them into the river while it was reprehensible .
and with &apos; Aad ( there was an Aya ) when WE sent over them the barren wind ,
who forsook nothing of what he blew against , without making it crushed .
and with Thamud ( there was an Aya ) when they were told , &quot; Have fun only until one time ! &quot;
then they rose up over the instruction of their Lord , and the lightning struck them while they watched .
then they could not stand up , nor were they assisted .
as well as the people of Nuh before , certainly , they were fisq ’ -@ operating people .
and We established heaven with power , and surely We are expanding .
and we spread out the earth ; how beautiful are the sins .
and of all things We created duties for you to reflect .
&quot; So escape to Allah , surely I am a clear warner for you before Him .
Surely I am a clear warner for you before Him . &quot;
In such a way , no messenger came to those before them without them saying , &quot; ( he is ) a magician or mentally disturbed . &quot;
Did they bequeath it to each other ? !
no , but they are transgressing people .
then turn away from them , for you are not reprehensible .
and remember , because the memory uses the mummy .
and I created the Jinn and the people only to serve Me .
I do not want any Rizq from them , and I do not want them to eat Me .
Certainly , Allah is The true plentiful Rizq @ guaranteeing , Who with the omnipotence , The absolutely solid .
for surely for those who commit iniquity is a portion , as is the portion of their companions , so let them not make haste .
So decline be to those who have pursued Kufr on their day that is threatened to them .
at At ’ -@ tur !
in the font written in lines ,
on an unfolded parchment .
at Al @ bait @ ilma &apos;mur !
at the high roof !
at the Masjur @ sea !
Surely the punishment of your Lord will surely be done .
for them there is no defender .
on the day when the sky swings back and forth in Hin @ and -@ Her @ fluctuation ,
and the mountains moved in motion .
so decline on this day for the denying ,
who play around in mischief ,
on the day when they are pushed to the fire of Jahannam .
&quot; This is the fire you used to deny .
is this magic , or don &apos;t you see ? !
step into it , then practice patience or do not be patient , it is the same for you ; you will only be rewarded for what you used to do . &quot;
certainly , the Muttaqi are in Jannath and welfare ,
and their Lord protected them from the punishment of hell .
&quot; Eat and drink wholesome for what you used to do . &quot;
and WE let them marry with Hur- &apos; in .
and to those who internalized Iman , and whose descendants followed them with Iman , We sent after their descendants , and We diminished nothing from their doings ; every man is liable for what he acquired .
and WE provided them with fruit and meat from what they desire .
they give each other cups with which there is neither senseless talk nor missing .
and serve them their servants , who would be like pearls kept in shells .
and some of them turned to others and asked ,
they said , &quot; Surely we used to be awe of our families beforehand ,
then Allah showed us grace and protected us from the punishment of heat .
Surely we used to make supplications to Him beforehand ; surely He is the Most Good , the Most Merciful .
remember , for you are neither a diviner nor a spiritual disorder because of the benefit of your Lord .
or say , for example , &quot; he is a poet with whom we await a dubious end . &quot;
Say , &quot; Just wait ! for I am with you from those waiting . &quot;
or does their forbearance command them this ? ! or are they transgressing people ? !
or say , &quot; He invented him ! &quot;
no , but they do not internalize the iman .
so they shall bring a report of his kind , if they be true .
or were they created by nothing ? ! or were they themselves the creators ? !
or did they create the heavens and the earth ?
no , but they have no certainty .
or are the magazines of your Lord with them ? or are they the controllers ?
or is there a ladder for them to listen to ? !
so their listener shall come with clear proof .
or do the daughters and the sons belong to Him ?
or do you ask them to pay if they are burdened by their obligation ?
or is the hidden thing with them , if they write it down ? !
or do they want to plan cunning ? !
so those who have operated Kufr are the ones against which cunning is planned .
or is there a deity for them except Allah ? !
subhanallah about what they do to Shirk .
and when they see fragments falling from heaven , they say , &quot; These are clouds layered on top of each other . &quot;
then leave them until they meet their day when they will be slain .
on the day when they are neither used nor assisted by their cunning .
and surely for those who committed injustice there is a torment after this , but most people do not know .
and show patience to the instruction of your Lord , for you are surely under Our supervision , and praise with the praise of your Lord when you rise up ,
and on one part of the night praise Him , and after the pale of the stars .
at the star when it crashes !
your companion has not gone astray , nor has he followed a seduction .
and he does not speak at his own discretion .
it &apos;s just a Wahy given as a Wahy .
taught him one of enormous forces ,
of intelligence , then he stood straight ,
while he was on the highest horizon ,
then he approached , then he descended ,
so he was ( as close ) as the distance between the two arc ends or even closer ,
then he gave His servant as Wahy what he gave as Wahy .
the mind did not lie what it saw .
Do you doubt what he sees ? !
and certainly , already he certainly saw him before
at the outermost Sidra ,
at this is the Janna of the accommodation ,
there come to Sidra those who come .
neither did the gaze fail nor did it cross .
surely , already he saw of the great Ayath of his Lord !
how do you see it with Al @ lat and Al- &apos;uz @ za
as well as the other Third Manat ? ! &quot;
is the male to you and being is the female ? !
this is certainly an unjust division .
they are only names which you and your ancestors have given , for which Allah sent down no proof .
they follow only the speculation and what the souls desire , and surely already came to them from their Lord the guidance .
or does man have what he wants ? !
so Allah belongs to the last and the first .
and how many angels there are in the heavens whose intercession is of no use , except after Allah agrees with whom He pleases and pleases Him .
Certainly , those who do not internalize the iman to the hereafter name the angels as the name of the feminine .
and they have no knowledge about it .
they only follow speculation , and speculation replaces the truth into nothing .
then turn away from him who turns away from Our admonition and wants exclusively the life of this world .
this is their attainment of knowledge .
Surely your Lord knows better about the one who strayed from His way , and He knows better about the one who found guidance .
and Allah belongs to what is in the heavens and what is on the earth ; he will reward those who have done evil , but what they have done , and He will reward those who have done Him with the better .
they are those who avoid the gravity of transgressions and abominations other than trifles ; surely your Lord is of all-embracing forgiveness .
He knows better about you when He brought you forth from the earth , and when you were embryos in the bellies of your mothers , do not praise your self !
he knows better about the one who acts according to Taqwa .
how do you see it with the one who turned away
and gave a little , then abstained ? !
does he have what is hidden with him , he sees ? !
was not told about what is in Musa &apos;s writings
as well as Ibrahim , who kept what he commanded ? !
that no burdened soul bears the burden of another ,
and that man only has what he desired ,
and that his striving will be seen ,
then he will be rewarded with the most complete retribution ,
and that to your Lord is the final ,
and that He is He Who made laugh and weep ,
and that He is the One Who made die and enliven ,
and that He created the duality , the masculine and the feminine ,
from a Nutfa when it is poured ,
and that the other revival is incumbent upon Him ,
and that He is the One Who made rich and possessed ,
and that He is the One , The Lord of Ash ,
and that He destroyed the first &apos; Aad
as well as Thamud , then nothing left ,
as well as the people of Nuh before , surely they used to be those who committed even more injustice and even more transgressions .
and the turned He caused to crash ,
so she covered what she covered .
in which of the benefits of your Lord do you doubt ?
this is a warning from the first warnings .
the seam approached ,
for which there is nothing uncovering instead of ALLAH .
you are astonished at this report ,
does not laugh and cry ,
while you are in arrogance ? !
so Sujud accomplishes for Allah and serves Him !
the hour approached and the moon split .
and when they see an Aya , they turn away and say , &quot; This is a lasting magic . &quot;
and they denied , and followed their passions ; and every matter hath an end .
and surely already came to them from the communications in which there was warning .
it is a attaining wisdom . And what use are the warnings ? !
so turn away from them !
on the day when the caller calls for something disapproved -
their eyes are humiliated , they come out of the graves as if they were swarming locusts ,
the Kafir say , &quot; This is a rather difficult day . &quot;
before them the people of Nuh denied , so they accused Our servant of falsehood and said , &quot; He is spiritually disturbed and possessed . &quot;
then he made supplications to his Lord : &quot; I am inferior , so stand by ! &quot;
then We opened to you gates of heaven with poured water masses ,
and WE let springs spring from the earth , then the water met for a matter that was already determined ,
and WE let him carry on something of planks and nails .
it went under Our supervision in retaliation for the one who used to operate Kufr .
and certainly , already WE left it as an Aya ! is there a remembering one ? !
So how were My torment and My admonitions ? !
and certainly , already We facilitated the Quran as a reminder . Is there a remembering one ? !
&apos; Aad . So how were My torment and My admonitions ? !
Certainly WE sent over them a cyclone on an ominous , persistent day ,
he pulled people out as if they were stumps of uprooted date palms .
So how were My torment and My admonitions ? !
and certainly , already We facilitated the Quran as a reminder ! is there a remembering one ? !
Thamud denied the warnings .
then they said , &quot; Is we following a single person from us ?
Certainly , we are going astray and tormenting .
was he given the admonition from among us ?
no , but he is a boastful liar . &quot;
they will know tomorrow who the boastful liar is .
Surely WE will send the female camel as Fitna for her , so wait for her and be even more patient !
and tell them that the water is divided between them ; every portion of drinking is only for those present .
then they called their companion , then he took ( the sword ) , then he injured their legs .
So how were My torment and My admonitions ? !
Certainly WE sent a single cry about them , then they were like the stubble for the stable owner .
and certainly , already We facilitated the Quran as a reminder ! is there a remembering one ? !
The people of Lut denied the warnings .
Certainly WE sent over them a sandstorm except the family of Lut , these We saved from dawn ,
as a benefit from Us . In this way We reward the one who proves grateful .
and certainly , already We warned them of Our violence , then they doubted the warnings .
and certainly , already they sought to seduce him against his inclination and his guests , then WE extinguished their eyesight .
so learn My torment and My warnings !
and surely , already in the morning , in the morning came to them a torment left upon them .
so learn My torment and My warnings !
and certainly , already We facilitated the Quran as a reminder ! is there a remembering one ? !
and surely the warnings came to Pharaoh &apos;s people .
They all denied Our Ayat , then We punished them for punishing One Almighty Almighty .
are your kafir better than these ? !
or is there an innocent declaration in the Scriptures for you ? !
or do they say , &quot; We are all victorious together &quot; ? !
the collection will still suffer defeat and turn its backs on it .
no , but the hour is their appointment . And the hour is even worse , even more bitter .
Certainly , those who are greatly absent are wandering and in heat glow ,
on the day when they are dragged in the fire on their faces .
Certainly , every thing We created according to a provision .
and Our instruction is nothing but a single one , like the moment .
and surely We have already destroyed your followers . Is there a remembering one ?
and all they did is in the Scriptures .
also every small and great is written down .
certainly , the Muttaqi are in Jannath and on rivers ,
in a seat of the True One , with an almighty ruler .
the all-grace proving
taught the Quran ,
created man ,
taught him to articulate .
the sun and the moon are according to a calculation .
and the soil and the trees are done by Sujud .
and lifted up the sky and put in Al @ mizan :
&quot; does not commit violations of Al @ mizan
and keep what has been said ( with Al @ mizan ) according to justice and do not diminish Al @ mizan ! &quot;
and He appointed the earth for the living beings .
on it are fruit and date trees with calyxes
as well as grains with stalks and leaves .
So which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
he created man from salsal like clay
and created the jinn from smokeless fire .
so what of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
he is the LORD of both the east and the west .
so what of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
he had both seas meet ,
there is a separation between the two , they do not mix .
so what of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
pearls and corals come out of both .
so what of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
and to Him belong the built journeys on the sea like the mountains .
so what of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
everything that is on it ( of the earth ) passes away ,
and it remains your Lord , Who with majesty and dignity .
so what of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
He is asked by all who are in the heavens and on the earth .
so what of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
We will still make you Us , you men and jinn .
so what of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
their group of Jinn and people !
if you can penetrate the regions of the heavens and the earth , you penetrate only with power .
so what of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
he sends over you both flames of fire and smoke , so you cannot help yourself .
so what of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
and when the sky split , it turns red like red leather .
so what of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
so on this day neither a man nor a jinn is questioned about his transgression .
so what of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
the heavily missing are known by their characteristics , then is dragged on the forehead hair and feet .
so what of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
this is Jahannam , who deny the heavily missing .
they make the round in it ( Jahannam ) and boiling with extremely high temperature .
so what of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
and for him who is afraid of the imagination of his Lord , there are two jannah -
so what of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
which are of trees .
so what of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
in which there are two sources that flow .
so what of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
in which there is duality of every obstart .
so what of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
They are based on loungers whose inlett is from Istabraq , and the harvest of both Jannats is near .
so what of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
in the two there is the gaze restrained , which neither a man nor a jinn deflourished before them .
so what of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
as if they were like rubies and corals .
so what of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
is there another reward for Ihsan than Ihsan ? !
So what of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
and besides them are two more Jannath .
so what of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
they are dark green .
so what of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
in them there are two sources that bubble .
so what of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
in them there are fruit , dates and pomegranates .
so what of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
in them are beautiful good .
so what of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
they are Hur @ beings who have withdrawn in tents .
so what of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
which neither a man nor a jinn before them deflourished .
so what of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
leaning on green pillows and beautiful carpets .
so what of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
ever more holy is the name of your Lord , Who with majesty and dignity .
when the event happens ,
there is no denial for its events .
it is crushing , lifting up ,
when the earth is shaken with shaking
and the mountains are smashed with destruction ,
then they become flying dust ,
and you became three duties .
so there are the companions of the right hand ; what are the companions of the right ?
what are the companions of the evil sign ? !
also there are those who have the advantage , who have the advantage ,
these are the close ones
in the Jannat of well-being ,
a group of the first
and a little of the last .
they are on woven loungers ,
leaning against each other .
serve them eternal servants
with cups , jugs and drinking bowls from ( one ) wine source .
they get no headaches and they are not intoxicated .
and there is fruit from what they choose ,
as well as poultry meat from what they desire ,
as well as Hur- &apos;in ,
as if they were pearls preserved in shells ,
as a reward for what they used to do .
neither do they hear senseless talk nor misguided things
besides the word : &quot; Salam , Salam ( be with you ) . &quot;
and the companions of the right hand ; what are the companions of the right hand ?
they are under withered lotus trees
and adjacent acacia trees .
and ( they have ) a spreading shadow
and poured water
and lots of fruit ,
that neither comes to an end nor is forbidden ,
and raised upholstery .
surely We raised them up ,
then WE made them virgins
cuddly peers
for the companions of the right ,
a group of the first
and a group of the last .
and the companions of the left . What are the companions of the left ?
they are in happy winds and boiling
and in the black-tormented shadow ,
which is neither cool nor useful .
certainly , they were before this luxurizing
and persisted in the mighty transgression .
they also used to say , &quot; Even if we died and became earth and bones , we will be awakened ,
also our first ancestors ? &quot;
say , &quot; Surely , the first and the last
are undoubtedly gathered for the appointment of a known day . &quot;
then you will deny aberrations
certainly feed on trees of Zaqum ,
then fill the bellies ,
then drink of boiling ,
then drink as drinking thirsty and sick camels .
this is their accommodation on the day of the Din .
We created you , but you would believe !
how do you see what you pour out on seeds ?
are you the ones who create it , or are WE the Creator ? !
We ordained death among you , and We will not forestall ,
that WE exchange your peers and give rise to what you do not know .
and surely you already know about the first resurrection , you would remember !
how do you see what you sow ?
are you the ones who make it grow , or are WE the one who makes it grow ? !
If We wanted it , surely We would make it crushed , then you would not cease to regret :
&quot; Certainly , we are loss &quot; -@ sufferers .
no , but it was withheld from us . &quot;
how do you see the water you drink ?
are you the ones who drop it out of the clouds , or are WE the one who sends it ? !
if WE wanted , WE would make it angry . You would be grateful !
how do you see the fire you kindle ?
are you the ones who gave rise to his tree , or are We the one who produces ? !
We did it as a reminder and consumables for the wanderers .
so praise with the name of your Blessed Lord .
so I swear by the phases of the stars ,
and surely it is undoubtedly a mighty oath , you would only know !
certainly , he is a noble Quran
in a preserved scripture ,
that only the purified touch .
he is the successive sending down from the Lord of all creation .
Are you hypocritical of this report ? !
and you are grateful for your Rizq , that you deny him ?
and if she had reached her throat ,
while you watch during this time .
and WE are closer to him than you are , but you do not see .
and you would not be condemned ,
you would bring them back if you were true .
and if he belonged to the relatives ,
then there is rest , grace and a janna of well-being .
and if he was among the companions of the right hand ,
then Salam be to you from the companions of the right hand .
and if he was one of the aberrating deniers ,
then there is an accommodation of boiling
and throw in hell .
Certainly , this is the true certainty .
so praise with the name of your Blessed Lord !
Allah praises all who are in the heavens and on the earth , and He is the All-Worthy , the All-Wise .
to him belongs the dominion of the heavens and the earth ; he animates and causes to die ; and He is almighty over all things .
He is the Ever Awakened One , the Forever Remaining One , the manifest and the within .
He is the One who created the heavens and the earth in six Ay @ yam , then turned to Al &apos;ahrsch .
he knows what goes into the earth , what comes out of it , what goes down from heaven and what goes up to it .
and He is with you where you are .
and Allah is all seeing what you do .
to him belongs the dominion of the heavens and the earth . and Allah is subject to affairs .
he lets the night flow into the day , and lets the day flow into the night ; and He is omniscient about that in the breasts .
internalize the iman to Allah and His Messenger and donate from what He made you administrators .
for those of you who internalized and donated the iman , a great reward is destined .
and why do you not internalize the iman to Allah , while the Messenger calls you to internalize the iman to your Lord ? and He already accepted your vow if you were to be a mummy .
He is the One Who sends down clear Ayat to His servant , that He may bring you out from darkness to light ; and surely Allah is gracious to you .
and why do you not donate fi @ sabilillah , and ALLAH belongs to the legacy of the heavens and the earth ?
not equal is the one of you who gave and fought before taking ( Mecca ) ( the one who did not ) .
they have a higher position than those who then donated and fought .
and both promised Allah the beautiful .
and Allah is Knowing what you do .
who is this who gives Allah ( His Cause ) a beautiful loan ? ! then He will multiply it , and for him a noble reward is destined .
on the day you see the Moomin @ men and the Moomin @ women , their light runs before them and with their right : &quot; There is good news for you today - Jannat , which is crossed by rivers , as Eternal in it . &quot;
this is the tremendous success .
on the day when the Munafiq @ men and the Munafiq @ women said to those who internalized the iman : &quot; wait for us to benefit from your light , &quot; it is said : &quot; go back , then look for light . &quot;
then a dividing wall was erected between them , which has a door in whose inside is grace , while outside is torment .
they call them , &quot; Were we not with you ? &quot;
they said , &quot; Yes , certainly , but you left yourselves to Fitna , waited and doubted , and you were deceived by the hopes until Allah &apos;s instruction came .
and Allah deceived you of the deceptive .
neither will you receive a substitute today , nor from those who have operated Kufr ; your lodging is the fire .
it is your Maula . And wretched is becoming . &quot;
is it not yet time for those who internalized the iman that their hearts of Allah and what was revealed by the truth show reverence , and that they do not become like those who were given the Scriptures before , then became hard for them for the time , then their hearts ?
and many of them are Fasiq .
Know that Allah certainly enlivens the earth after its death ; We have already explained to you the Ayat , that you may understand .
Certainly , the donating men , the donating women and those who give ALLAH ( His cause ) a Hasan @ bond , this it is multiplied and for them a beautiful reward is intended .
and those who internalized Iman to Allah and His messengers , these are the utterly truthful and the witnesses to their Lord ; they have their reward and their light .
and those who have pursued Kufr and denied Our Ayat , these are the companions of hell .
Know that life on this side is only pleasure , distraction , jewellery , pomp among you and increase in wealth and children .
it is like abundant rain , whose plant growth pleases the kafir ; then it dries up ( the plant growth ) , and you see it turn yellow , then it becomes crushed , and in the hereafter there is hard torment and forgiveness of Allah and pleasure .
but the life of this world is nothing but consumables of deception .
compete for forgiveness from your Lord and a Janna whose breadth is like the breadth of heaven and earth , she was prepared for those who internalized Iman to Allah and His Messenger ; this is Allah &apos;s favor which He grants to Him whom He wills ; and Allah is of immense favor .
neither evil strikes you on earth nor yourselves , without it being in a scripture before We created it ; surely this is easy for Allah .
lest you mourn what you have escaped , and rejoice excessively in what has been granted to you .
and Allah does not love every bouncer who is important ,
those who stingy and command man stinginess .
and whoever turns away is certainly Allah The Absolute Self-sufficient , The All-Praiseworthy .
Certainly , We already sent Our messengers with the clear signs and sent down with them the Scriptures and Al @ mizan , so that men might do justice . and We sent down the iron , in which there is fierce violence and useful things for men , and thus Allah makes known who assists His ( Din ) and His Messenger in secret .
and surely We sent already Nuh and Ibrahim , and in their seed we let be prophethood and Scripture .
so some of them are guided , and many of them are Fasiq .
then WE sent Our messengers in their footsteps and sent &apos; Isa Ibnu -@ Maryam and gave him Alindschil .
and We placed in the hearts of those who followed him mercy and grace and monasticism which they invented , which We did not impose on them except in the pursuit of Allah &apos;s pleasure , but they did not keep it as it deserves .
then We gave their reward to those of them who internalized the iman , and many of them are Fasiq .
you who have internalized the iman !
act Taqwa according to Allah and internalize the Iman to His Messenger , then He grants you two portions of His grace , make light for you with which you go , and forgive you ; and Allah is Forgiving , Forgiving .
that the owners of the Scriptures may know with certainty that they have no power over anything of Allah &apos;s favor , and that the favor is certainly subject to Allah , He shall shew it to whom He pleases .
and Allah is of immense favor .
Allah already heard the statement of those who disputed with you because of their husband and complained before Allah , and Allah heard your dialogue .
those of you who spoke to their wives Zihar , these are certainly not their mothers .
and surely they say something disapproved of what has been said and wrong ; and surely Allah is true , accepting , omnipotent .
and then take back to those who pronounced Zihar to their wives what they said ( as Kaffara ) the liberation of a bondage before both intimately touch each other , and you will be admonished ; and Allah is Knowing what you do .
So whoever cannot do this , he fastes for two consecutive months before both touch each other intimately .
and whoever cannot , he feeds sixty arms , that you may internalize Iman to Allah and His Messenger .
and these are ALLAH &apos;s guidelines .
and for the Kafir is a painful torment .
Certainly those who oppose Allah and His Messenger were put down as those before them were put down , and We already sent down clear Ayats .
and for the Kafir humiliating torment is intended .
on the day when they are all awakened , He will inform them of what they did .
Allah embraced it in detail as they forgot it , and Allah witnesses all things .
have you not perceived that Allah knows all that is in the heavens and on earth ?
there is neither a secret conversation of three , without Him being their fourth , nor of five , without Him being their sixth , nor of less than these , nor even more , without Him being with them where they are ; then He will inform them of what they did on the Day of Resurrection .
Certainly , Allah is Knowing about everything .
did you not see those who were forbidden the secret conversation , then they still return to what was forbidden to them , and secretly talk about the messenger &apos;s failure , transgression and contradiction ?
and when they come to you , they greet you with what Allah did not greet you , and say within them , &quot; Allah would torment us for what we say ! &quot;
Jahannam suffices them , they are thrown into it .
you who have internalized the iman !
if you talk confidentially , do not talk confidentially about the failure , transgression and contradiction of the Messenger !
the secret conversation is only from Satan , that you may make sad those who internalized the iman , but he will do them no harm except with Allah &apos;s consent . and Allah to the Moomin Tawakkul shall practice .
you who have internalized the iman !
when you are told , &quot; Make room while sitting , &quot; then make room , may Allah make room for you .
and when you are told , &quot; Arise , &quot; then arise ; Allah exalts those of you who internalize the iman , and those who have been given the knowledge for positions .
and Allah is Knowing what you do .
you who have internalized the iman !
if you want to talk confidentially to the Messenger , give a sadaqa before your confidential conversation !
this is better for you and purer .
and if you are not able , so surely Allah is Forgiving , Gracious .
Are you afraid to admit Sadaqa before your confidential conversation ?
and if you do not - and Allah already accepted your repentance , do the ritual prayer properly , pay the Zakat and obey Allah and His Messenger !
and Allah is Knowing what you do .
Did you not see those who took people who were angry with Allah when Wali took ? !
they are neither of you nor of them , and they swear by falsehood while they know .
Allah prepared for them a painful punishment ; surely it was bad what they used to do .
they took their oaths as a shield , then they stopped from Allah &apos;s way .
neither their wealth nor their children will benefit them before Allah ; these are the companions of fire , they remain therein forever .
on the day when He awakens them all , they will swear to Him as they swear to you , and they think they have something ( useful ) .
they are the actual liars .
Satan seized them , and made them forget Allah &apos;s remembrance .
these are the party of Satan .
yes , undoubtedly ! the party of Satan are the real losers .
Certainly , those who oppose Allah and His Messenger are among the lowest .
Allah wrote : &quot; Yet I and My messengers will prevail . &quot; surely Allah is all-powerful , all-worthy .
You will not find people who internalize Iman on Allah and on the Last Day , who love those who oppose Allah and His Messenger , even if they were their fathers , their sons , their brothers or their relatives .
these are the ones in whose hearts He fixed the iman and which He strengthened with rest from Him .
and He makes them enter into Jannath , which are flowed through by rivers , therein they are eternal .
Allah is pleased with them and they are pleased with Him .
these are the ALLAH ( loyal ) party .
yes , undoubtedly ! the ALLAH ( loyal ) party are the real successful ones .
Allah praises all who are in the heavens and on the earth , and He is the All-Worthy , the All-Wise .
He is the One Who drove out those of the scriptural owners who operated Kufr from their dwellings for the first expulsion .
you did not think that they would come out , and they thought that their castles would protect them from Allah ; then Allah came to them from there , wherewith they did not reckon , and cast terror into their hearts .
they destroyed their houses with their own hands and the hands of the mummy .
and if Allah had not determined their deportation , He would have tormented them in this world , and for them the punishment of fire is destined in the Hereafter .
this is because they opposed Allah and His Messenger , and whoever opposes Allah , so surely Allah is harsh in punishment .
and you did not like a young date palm or leave it on its roots except with ALLAH &apos;s consent , and so that He humiliates the Fasiq .
and that which Allah has made a prey to His Messenger from them , you have not let horses or camels run for it , but Allah has His messengers go against those whom He pleases , and Allah is Almighty over all things .
what Allah has made prey to His Messenger from the inhabitants of the villages , so this is for Allah &apos;s ( cause ) , for the Messenger , for those of kinship , for the orphans , for the poor and for the traveller in need , so that it may not rotate ( wealth ) among the rich of you .
and what the Messenger gave you , take it ; and what he forbade you , let go of it .
and act against Taqwa according to Allah ; surely Allah is harsh in punishment .
it is for the hijra @ entrepreneurial poor who have been expelled from their homes and assets , they strive for favor from Allah and pleasure , and they support Allah ( Din ) and His Messenger , who are the real truthful .
and those who already inhabited the abode ( Madina ) and the iman ( internalized ) before them , love those who undertook hijra to them , and they find in their breasts no desire for what was given to them ( to others ) ; and they prefer others before themselves , even when they are in need .
and whoever is protected from the stinginess of his ego , these are the real successful ones .
and those who came after them say , &quot; Our Lord !
forgive us and our brothers and sisters , who internalized the iman before us , and do not let there be resentment in our hearts for those who internalized the iman .
Our Lord !
Certainly YOU are kind , gracious . &quot;
you have not seen those who have operated Nifaq , they say to their brothers about the scriptural owners who have run Kufr : &quot; If you were expelled , we would surely go away with you and not obey anyone at all against you , and if you were fought , we would help you ! &quot;
and Allah testifies that they are certainly liars .
if they were expelled , they would not go away with them , and if they were fought , they would not help them , and if they were to help them , if they turned their backs , they would not be helped .
Surely you are more terrifying in their hearts than Allah .
this is because they are people who do not understand .
they do not fight against you together except in fortified villages or from behind walls .
you guess they are united while their hearts are different , because they are people who don &apos;t reflect .
like those before them recently , they experienced the evil consequences of their matter , and for them excruciating torment is destined .
like Satan when he said to man , &quot; Do Kufr , &quot; and after he had practiced Kufr , he said , &quot; Surely I will renounce you ; I am afraid of Allah , the Lord of all creation . &quot;
so was the adjoining of both , that they were in the fire therein for ever .
and this is the retribution of the injustice .
you who have internalized the iman !
act towards Taqwa according to Allah , and a soul shall look for what it has sent forward to tomorrow !
and act against Taqwa according to Allah ; surely Allah is Knowing what you do .
and be not like those who forgot Allah , then He made them forget themselves .
these are the real Fasiq .
the companions of the fire and the companions of the Jannah are not equal .
We would send this Quran down to a mountain , surely you would humbly see it split from the reverence of Allah .
and these parables shape man so that they may reflect .
He is Allah , the One except Whom there is no Deity , the Knowing One about the Hidden and the Visible .
He is Allah , the One except Whom there is no Deity , The Ruler , The Absolute Pure , The Absolutely Immaculate , The Guaranteed of Security , The All-Worthy , The All-Compelling , Who is above all .
subhanallah about what they do to Shirk .
he is Allah , The Creator , The Giver of Existence , The Forming .
all that is in the heavens and on earth praises Him , and He is the All-Worthy , the All-Wise .
You who have internalized Iman , do not take My enemy and your enemy as Wali .
you show them love , while they have already done to Kufr what came to you from the truth ; they drive out the Messenger and you , because you have internalized the iman to Allah your Lord .
you should have left jihad on My way and in the pursuit of My pleasure ( so do not take them as Wali ) , you secretly express love to them , and I know better about what you conceal and what you reveal .
and whoever does it of you , he already missed the right way .
when they prevail against you , they will be enemies to you , and they will stretch out their hands and their tongues against you with evil ; and they desired that you should do Kufr .
Neither your relatives nor your children will benefit you ; on the Day of Resurrection Allah judges among you ; and Allah is Seeing all that you do .
To you we practice Tawakkul , to You we turn around and to You is becoming .
Our Lord !
Let us not be a Fitna for those who practiced Kufr , and forgive us - our Lord ! - surely YOU are the All-Worthy , the All-Wise ! &quot;
Certainly , there was already a beautiful example for everyone in them who hopes for Allah and the Last Day .
and whoever turns away , so surely Allah is The Absolute Self-sufficient , The All-Praiseworthy .
Perhaps Allah gives rise to love between you and those of them whom you have hostile to .
and Allah is Almighty , and Allah is Forgiving , Forgiving .
Allah does not forbid you those who have not fought against you because of Din and have not driven you out of your dwellings , that you may meet them with goodness and treat them justly ; surely Allah loves the righteous .
Allah forbids you only those who fought you for the sake of Din , expelled you from your dwellings , and assisted you in your expulsion to take them as Wali .
and whoever takes them as Wali , these are the actual wrongdoers .
you who have internalized the iman !
If the Moomin hijra hijra @ women come to you , then examine them .
and if you recognize her as a mummy , do not send her back to the Kafir !
neither they ( the Moomin-@ women ) are halal for them ( the Kafir ) , nor are they halal for them , and give them ( the Kafir ) what they spend ( as a bridal gift ) .
and there is no fault in you when you marry them , when you give them their bridal gift , and do not keep the Kafir @ spouse !
and ask what you spend , and they shall demand what they spend ; this is Allah &apos;s decision .
and Allah is Knowing , Wise .
and should one of your spouses overflow to the Kafir , and you retaliate , then give to those whose wives went the same as what they spent , and do to Taqwa according to Allah to Whom you internalize the iman .
Prophet !
when the Moomin women come to you to give you Bai &apos;a , that they do not do anything to Allah to Shirk , nor steal , nor commit Zina , nor kill their children , nor bring false things that they invent between their hands and legs , nor resist you in the approved , then take their Bai &apos;a from them and ask Allah for their forgiveness .
you who have internalized the iman !
do not take people as Wali , about whom Allah is angry ; they already desperate the Hereafter , as the Kafir desperated the companions of the tombs .
Allah praises all who are in the heavens and on the earth , and He is the All-Worthy , the All-Wise .
you who have internalized the iman !
why do you say what you don &apos;t do ? !
it is something serious about Allah that you say what you do not do .
Certainly , Allah loves those who fight on His way in line as if they were a compact construction .
and ( remember ) when Musa said to his people , &quot; My people , why do you insult me when you already know that I am Allah &apos;s Messenger to you ? &quot;
and as they departed , Allah made their hearts deviate .
and ALLAH does not guide the fisq @ operating people .
and ( remember ) when &apos; Isa Ibnu @ Maryam said : &quot; Children Israil !
Certainly , I am Allah &apos;s Messenger to you affirming what was before me from At at @ taurat , and delivering good news from a messenger who comes after me whose name is Ahmad . &quot;
and when he came to them with the clear signs , they said , &quot; This is a clear magic . &quot;
and no one commits more injustice than the one who invented lies in the name of ALLAH while being invited to Islam .
and ALLAH does not guide the wrongly committing people .
and Allah will make His light complete , even then , the Kafir would be averse to it .
He is the One Who sent His Messenger with the guidance and the Din of truth , that He might surpass him all Din , even then , the Muschrik would be averse to it .
you who have internalized the iman !
shall I draw your attention to a trade that saves you from a painful torment ?
you internalize the iman to Allah and His Messenger and do jihad fi @ sabilillah with your assets and yourself .
he forgives you your transgressions and lets you enter into Jannath , which are crossed by rivers , as well as into beautiful dwellings in &apos; Adn &apos; jannat .
and something else you love - assistance from Allah and a near victory .
and convey good news to the Moomin !
you who have internalized the iman !
be supporters of Allah ( Din ) , as Isa Ibnu @ Maryam said to the disciples , &quot; Who are my assists in Allah ? &quot;
then a group of the children of Israel internalized the iman , and Kufr ran a ( other ) group .
Allah praises all who are in the heavens and the earth , the ruler , the absolute pure , the all-worthy , the all-wise .
He is the One who sent to the illiterate a messenger from them who recites His Ayat to them , cleanses them and teaches them the Scriptures and wisdom , and they were in a clear misconception before .
and He is the All-Worthy , the All-Wise .
This is Allah &apos;s favor which He grants to whom He pleases , and Allah is of immense favor .
the parable of those to whom At j-yotaurat was imposed and then they did not bear is like the parable of the donkey carrying books .
and ALLAH does not guide the wrongly committing people .
Say , &quot; You who became Jews !
if you claim that you are Wali for Allah instead of all men , you desire death , you would truly be . &quot;
and they never want him because of what they did by hand , and Allah is Knowing about the wrongdoings .
Say : Surely the death from which you flee will still meet you , then you will be sent back to the omniscient about the hidden and the visible , then He will inform you of what you used to do .
you who have internalized the iman !
when Friday &apos;s ritual prayer has been called , strive to commemorate Allah and abandon business , which is better for you , you would know .
and when the ritual prayer is ended , scatter you in the land , strive for the favor of Allah , and remember much of Allah , that you may prosper .
and when they saw trade or pleasure , they hurriedly went there and let you stand .
Say : &quot; What is at ALLAH is better than pleasure and than trade , and ALLAH is the best of the Rizq @ guarantors . &quot;
When the Munaphiq came to you , they said , &quot; We testify that you are Allah &apos;s Messenger . &quot;
and Allah knows that you are His Messenger , and Allah testifies , &quot; Surely the Munafiq are liars . &quot;
they took their oaths as a shield , then they stopped from Allah &apos;s way ; surely it became bad what they used to do .
this , because they expressed the iman , then pursued Kufr , so their hearts were sealed , so they do not understand .
and when you see them , you like their figures , and when they speak , you listen to what you have said .
Certainly , they resemble supported woods , they suspect every cry against them .
they are the true enemy , so beware of them .
Allah fight them .
how are they dissuaded ? !
and when it is said to them , &quot; Come , that Allah &apos;s Messenger may ask forgiveness for you , &quot; they turn their heads away , and you see them turning away as they rise up in arrogance .
it does not matter to them whether you ask forgiveness for them or ask forgiveness for them .
Allah will never forgive them !
Certainly , Allah does not guide the fisq -@ operating people .
they are the ones who say , &quot; Do not give to those who are with Allah &apos;s messengers to separate them . &quot;
and ALLAH belong to the magazines of the heavens and the earth .
they say , &quot; When we return to Madina , the more worthy of her will drive away the lower . &quot;
and dignity belongs to Allah , His Messenger and the Moomin , but the Munafiq do not know .
you who have internalized the iman !
do not let your assets or your children distract you from Allah &apos;s remembrance !
and whoever does this , these are the real losers .
and give of the Rizq , which We granted you before death comes to one of you , then he says : &quot; My Lord , if only YOU had granted me postponement until a near time ! - then I will donate and be pleasing to God by those who do good . &quot;
and Allah will never grant delay to a soul when its term comes ; and Allah is Knowing what you do .
Allah praises all who are in the heavens and on the earth , to whom belongs dominion and to Him all praise is due , and He is omnipotent over all things .
He is the One Who created you , so some of you are Kafir and some of you are Moomin , and Allah is all seeing what you do .
He created the heavens and the earth in law and formed you , then made your figures beautiful ; and to Him is becoming .
He knows this in the heavens and on earth , and He knows what you conceal and what you reveal ; and Allah is Knowing about this in the breasts .
did not come to you the message about those who previously operated Kufr ? !
then they learned the evil consequences of their matter , and for ( she ) excruciating torment is destined .
because their messengers used to come to them with clear signs , they said , &quot; People guide us right ? &quot;
then they pursued Kufr and turned away .
and ALLAH is not dependent on anyone . and ALLAH is absolutely self-sufficient , omnipotent .
those who operated Kufr claimed that they would not be awakened .
Say , &apos; Surely by my Lord , you will be awakened , and you will undoubtedly be informed of what you have done .
and this is easy for Allah . &quot;
so internalize the iman to Allah , His Messenger and the light We sent down .
and Allah is Knowing what you do .
( remember ) the day when he brings you together for the day of bringing you together ; this is the ( indictment ) day for disadvantage ; and whoever internalizes the iman and pleases God , to him He forgives his deeds displeased with God and lets him enter into Jannath , which are crossed by rivers , eternally they are in it forever ; this is the mighty gain .
and those who pursued Kufr and denied Our Ayat , these are the companions of fire , they are eternally therein ; and wretched is becoming .
and whoever internalizes the iman , He guides his heart right , and Allah is Knowing about everything .
and obey Allah and obey the Messenger , and if you turn away , only the clear proclamation is incumbent upon Our Messenger .
He is Allah , there is no Deity but Him , and Allah is the Moomin Tawakkul !
you who have internalized the iman !
Surely there are enemies of your spouses and your children for you , so beware of them .
and if you forgive , look , and forgive , so surely Allah is Forgiving , Forgiving .
your assets and your children are just Fitna , and at Allah there is tremendous reward .
so act Taqwa according to Allah as you can , listen , obey and give good for yourself , and whoever is protected from the avarice of his ego , these are the real successful .
when you give Allah ( His Cause ) a Hasan @ bond , He will multiply you and forgive you , and Allah is abundantly rewarding , all-indulgent .
he is the omniscient about the hidden and the visible , the All-worthy , the All-Wise .
and when they have reached their appointed time , keep them in equity , or separate yourselves from them according to what is approved , and let two upright of you testify to this , and keep the testimony for the sake of Allah .
with this is admonished the one who internalizes the iman on Allah and the Last Day .
and whoever acts against Taqwa according to Allah makes a way out for Him
and grants him Rizq from there , which he does not reckon with .
and whoever practices Allah toward Tawakkul , He suffices him .
Certainly , Allah will help His instruction to validate .
and those of your wives who no longer expect menstruation - should you have doubts - so their &apos; idda is for three months , as well as for those who have not yet had menstruation , and for the pregnant women - whose term ends when they have given birth . And ( who ) acts Taqwa according to Allah , He gives relief in his matter .
This is Allah &apos;s instruction which He sent down to you , and whoever acts against Taqwa according to Allah , He forgives his deeds displeased with God and makes the reward tremendous for him .
Let them dwell where you live , according to your wealth ; and do them nothing damaging to distress them .
and if they be with child , give them sustenance until they have delivered ; and if they breastfeed for you , give them their reward .
and call one another to the approved , and if you have trouble with one another , another shall be quiet for him .
and whoever has been granted little rizq shall give sustenance of what Allah has granted him .
Allah is incumbent upon no soul except what He granted it .
Allah will make relaxation after the narrowing .
and as many places resisted the instruction of their Lord and His messengers , then We reckoned with them with a hard reckoning and We tormented them a terrible punishment .
then they learned the evil consequences of their matter , and the following of their matter was loss .
Allah gave them a hard punishment .
so Taqwa acts according to Allah , you with understanding , who internalized the iman !
a messenger who clearly recites to you Allah &apos;s Ayat , so that He may bring out from the darkness into the light those who have internalized the iman and have done good pleasing to God .
and whoever internalizes Iman to Allah and does good pleasing to God , He lets him enter into Jannath , which is crossed by rivers , eternally in it they are .
Allah is the One Who created seven heavens and is like them from the earth .
the instruction descends between them gradually , so that you know that Allah is omnipotent over everything , and that Allah already embraced everything with knowledge .
Prophet !
why do you declare haram what Allah declared halal ? !
do you strive for the satisfaction of your wives ? !
and ALLAH is all-giving , all-gracious .
Allah has already prescribed to you the delivery of your oaths , and Allah is your Maula , and He is the Knowing , the Wise .
and ( remember ) when the Prophet entrusted some of his wives with a report as a mystery , then she told him ( another ) and informed Allah about it , he made some of it known and omitted some things .
and when he told her , she said , &quot; Who told you this ? &quot;
he said , &quot; To me made communication The Knowing , The Knowing . &quot;
If you repent of both Allah , your hearts turned aside ; and if you unite against Him , Allah is His Maula , as well as Jibril , and the good of the Moomin , and the angels follow one another .
perhaps his Lord , when he makes you divorce from Talaq , exchanges for him other wives who are better than you , practicing islam , internalizing iman , much praying , repenting , serving Allah , fasting / hijra , not being virgin and virgin .
protect yourselves and yours from a fire whose fuel is men and stones , above it ( the fire ) are strict , hard angels who do not resist Allah in what He commanded them , and they do what is commanded them .
you who operated Kufr !
Do not excuse yourself today !
You will only be rewarded for what you used to do .
you who have internalized the iman !
Repent to Allah with a sincere repentance ; perhaps your Lord will redeem your deeds of God and let you enter into Jannath , which are crossed by rivers , on the day when Allah does not humble the prophets and those who internalize with him the iman .
their light runs before them and at their right hand , they say , &quot; Our Lord !
Make our light complete and forgive us ! You are almighty above all . &quot;
Prophet !
do jihad against the Kafir and the Munafiq and be strict with them !
and their lodging is Jahannam ; and becoming wretched .
Allah coined a parable for those who practiced Kufr , the wife of Nuh and the wife of Lut . Both were with two servants of Our servants who were pleasing to God , then both committed treason against them , then both took no advantage of them ( their wives ) before Allah .
and Allah coined a parable for those who internalized Iman , Pharaoh &apos;s wife , when she said , &quot; My Lord !
build for me a house with you in the Jannah , and deliver me from Pharaoh and his doings , and deliver me from the unrighteous men . &quot;
also Maryam Ibnatu Imran , who kept her chastity , then We breathed into her a rest from Us , and she considered the words of her Lord and His writings to be true and one of the always servants .
He who has dominion is ever more almighty , and He is almighty over all things ,
who created death and life , that He may prove to you which of you is better at doing ; and He is the All-Worthy , the Forgiving .
You see nothing in the creation of the All-Merciful .
so see repeatedly , do you see anything about cracks ? !
then see twice repeatedly , so the look returns to you rejected while he is overtired .
and surely We already adorned the lowest heaven with lights and made them stoning for the satans , and We prepared for them the torment of heat .
and for those who have done to their Lord over against Kufr , so is the punishment of Jahannam ; and becoming is wretched .
when they are thrown into her , they hear of her shouting as she overcooks .
When a group is thrown into it , they are asked by their commissioners : &quot; Did not a warner come to you ? ! &quot;
already a warner came to us , then we denied and said : &quot; Allah sent nothing down little by little , you are only in a great misery . &quot;
and they said , &quot; If we had listened , or prudent , we would not be among the companions of heat . &quot;
so they admitted their transgression ; so be destruction to the companions of heat .
Surely those who have reverence for their Lord in secret are forgiveness and great reward for them .
and conceal your utterance or expose it , surely He is omniscient about that in the breasts .
Does He who created not have knowledge , while He is the All-Merciful , the All-Knowing ? !
He is the One Who made the earth yielding to you , so go about in its regions and eat of His Rizq , and to Him is the raising .
do you feel safe from Him Whose instruction in heaven is that He sinks the earth with you , and that it trembles immediately ?
or do you feel safe from Him Whose instruction in heaven is that He sends a sandstorm over you ?
and surely those who were before them already denied , so how was My disapproval ?
did they not see above them the birds with outstretched wings , and they absorb them ?
no one holds them except the All-Merciful . Indeed , He is all-seeing above all things .
or who is this one who is a helper for you and assists you instead of the All-Merciful ?
the Kafir are only deceiving .
or who is this who grants you Rizq when He withheld His Rizq ?
no , but they exaggerate in transgression and aversion .
is the one who goes to the ground with his face , the one who goes upright on a straight path ? !
Say , &quot; He is the One Who raised you , and He made your hearing , eyes , and mind . &quot;
Say , &quot; He is the One who made you multiply on earth , and to Him you are gathered . &quot;
and they say , &quot; When is this threat , should you be true ? &quot;
Say , &quot; Knowledge is only with Allah , and I am only a clear warner . &quot;
and after seeing them near , the faces of those who practiced Kufr were grieved , and it was said , &quot; This is what you used to ask for . &quot;
Say , &quot; How do you see it ? If Allah destroys me and those with me or gives grace , who gives the Kafir protection from a painful torment ? &quot;
Say , &quot; He is the Merciful One . We internalized in Him the Iman and we practice Tawakkul towards Him . &quot;
Say , &quot; How do you see it ? If your water runs dry , who will bring you running water ? &quot;
Nuun .
at Al ’ -@ qalam and what they write in lines !
you are not a spiritual disorder because of the benefit of your Lord .
and surely for you a reward is not for you .
and surely you have an excellent character .
so you will still have insight , and they have insight
about who of you is the Fitna @ Plagued .
Surely your Lord knows better about him who strayed from His way , and He knows better about those who are guided .
so do not listen to the deniers .
they wished you would bow to each other , then they bent at each other .
and don &apos;t listen to every humiliated much swearing ,
( the ) exposing , namima spreading ,
preventing the good , committing aggression , much missing
and is pleasing , also a bastard .
( this only ) because he had wealth and children .
when Our Ayat was recited to him , he said , &quot; They are legends of the former . &quot;
We will brand it on the trunk .
Certainly WE examined how WE tested the owners of the Jannah when they swore to harvest them in the morning
and leave out nothing .
then a whirlwind from your Lord swirled through them as they slept ,
then it became like the harvested .
then they called to each other in the morning :
&quot; go to your farmland in the morning , you should be abusers . &quot;
then they started as they whispered to each other :
&quot; Under no circumstances does she enter to you today a needy one . &quot;
and they went away in the morning .
and when they saw them , they said , &quot; Surely we were mistaken .
no , but we are excluded . &quot;
the midst of them said , &quot; I did not tell you , would you only praise ? &quot;
they said , &quot; Blessed is our Lord !
Certainly , we were wrong-@ prospective . &quot;
then some of them turned to others , they reproached each other ,
they said , &quot; Our downfall !
certainly , we were transgressors .
Hopefully our Lord will exchange better things for us than they do ; surely we are ALLAH to those who ask . &quot;
and the punishment of the hereafter is even greater if they only knew it .
Certainly , for the Muttaqi there is with their Lord the Jannath of prosperity .
let WE be the Muslims like the heavily missing ? !
what about you , how do you judge ? !
or do you have a writing in which you read ,
that it is yours what you choose ? !
or do We owe you sufficient vows until the Day of Resurrection that it is yours what you judge ?
ask them which of them claims this !
or do they have ( ALLAH ) associates ? !
then they shall bring their ( Allah ) associates , should they be true !
on the day when something serious is uncovered and they are called to the Sujud , then they cannot ,
their eyes are lowered ( in awe ) , and humiliation overcomes them ; and already they were called to the south when they were healed .
So let Me with those who deny this communication , WE will attract them from where they do not know .
and I grant them delay . Certainly , My planning is strong .
or do you demand reward from them so that they are burdened by their obligation ?
or do they have what is hidden with them , so they write ? !
so be patient with the destiny of your Lord , and be not as the companion of the fish when he called while he was distressed .
had he not benefited from his master , for if he had been cast into the bare land while he was rebuked .
then his Lord chose him , then He made him good of those who please God .
and those who pursued Kufr almost brought you down with their eyes when they heard the admonition , and they said , &quot; Surely he is spiritually disturbed . &quot;
and he ( the Quran ) is nothing but a reminder for all creation .
Al @ haqqa ,
what is Al @ haqqa ? !
and what do you know what Al @ haqqa is ? !
Thamud and &apos; Aad denied the assassins .
so concerning Thamud , so they were destroyed by the transgressors .
and as for &apos; Aad , so they were destroyed by a very violent cyclone .
He gave it to them seven nights and eight days in a row , so you see the people stretched down to the ground as if they had fallen over date palm stumps .
so do you see anything left of them ? !
and Pharaoh came , those before him , and those who turned with the reprehensible ,
then they resisted the Messenger of their Lord , then We afflicted them with excessive concern .
certainly , when the water flooded , We carried you in the floating ,
that We may make them a reminder for you , and that a conscious ear may be conscious .
so if a single push is encountered in As ’ -@ sur ,
and the earth and the mountains are carried , then crushed with a single bump ,
on that day the events occurred ,
and the heavens were divided , for he is frail that day ,
and the angels are at his margins ; and Al &apos;ahrsch of thy lord bear watch over them this day .
on this day you will be introduced . Not a hidden thing remains secret from you .
so concerning the one to whom his register is given with the right , he said : &quot; Take , read my register !
certainly , I knew that I would certainly meet my reckoning . &quot;
so he is in a pleasing life ,
in a high Janna ,
whose fruits are close .
eat and drink wholesome for what you have presented in recent days .
and concerning the one to whom his register is given with the left , he said : &quot; I would not have received my register ,
and did not know what my reckoning is !
he ( death ) would have been the final one !
my fortune did not benefit me .
my power has left me . &quot;
&quot; Take him , immediately captivate him ,
then throw into hell ,
then let it slip into a chain whose length is seventy cubits !
certainly , he used the iman to Allah not to internalize the Blessed One
and not to spur on to feed the needy .
so there is neither a close friend for him here
nor food except water full of pus ,
that no one eats except the missing . &quot;
so I swear by what you have insight into ,
and what you have no insight into ,
certainly , he is undoubtedly the word of a noble messenger ,
and he is not the word of a poet ; it is a little that you internalize the iman .
neither is it the word of a diviner ; it is a little that you reflect .
he is the successive sending down from the Lord of all creation .
and if he had invented something invented in Our name ,
surely We would have taken away his rights ,
then cut through the main artery .
so there is none of you who withholds it from him .
and certainly , he is a reminder for the Muttaqi .
and surely We know that there are deniers among you .
and surely he is a self-accusation for the Kafir .
and surely he is the truth of certainty .
so praise with the holy name of your Lord !
a bittender asked for a torment
for the Kafir , for whom there is no restraint
of Allah , That with the ascents heavenly .
the angels and the rest ascend to Him at a room whose length is fifty thousand years .
so be patient !
certainly , they see them far away ,
and WE see them close ,
on the day when the sky becomes like the fused ,
and the mountains become like wool ,
and no close friend asks a close friend .
and they are shown to them , who desires to miss hard , he could free himself from the torment that day with his sons ,
with his companion , with his brother ,
with his extended family , who welcome him ,
and with all the earth , all of them , then that this may save him .
no ! it is a flame of fire ,
pulling off the scalps ,
who called the one who turned his back and turned away
and accumulated , then retained ( only for itself ) .
Surely man was created as a fearfully impatient one .
when evil strikes him , he is extremely impatient
and when the good strikes him , he is extremely stingy ,
except the prayers ,
who always keep their ritual prayer ,
as well as those in whose assets a fixed right is
for the petitioner and the excluded ,
and those who consider the Day of Din to be true ,
and those who are afraid of the punishment of their Lord ,
surely the punishment of their Lord is not secure ,
as well as those who preserve their chastity
except before their spouses or before those who belong to them , for then surely they are not rebuke ,
and whoever strives beyond that , these are the real transgressors ,
as well as those who take care of what is entrusted to them and their contracts ,
and those who give their testimonies ,
and those who perform their ritual prayers in their time ,
these are appreciated in Jannath .
so what about those who have practiced Kufr , they come to you hurrying
from the right and from the left in groups ? !
does every man of them hope that he will be let into a Janna of welfare ? !
No !
Surely We created them of what they know .
I swear by the Lord the East and the West , surely We are certainly able to do so ,
they with better than they exchange , and We will not forestall .
let them talk and commit mischief until they meet their day which is threatened to them .
on the day when they hurry out of the graves , as if they were spurting to erect ( signs ) .
their eyes are lowered ( with reverence ) , and humiliation overcomes them .
Certainly WE sent Nuh to his people : &quot; Warn your people before a painful torment comes to them . &quot;
he said , &quot; My people !
Surely I am a clear warner for you .
serve Allah and act Taqwa according to Him and obey me !
He forgives you of your transgressions and grants you postponement until a fixed time limit ; surely when Allah &apos;s time comes , it will no longer be advanced , you would only know . &quot;
he said , &quot; My Lord !
Surely I made Da &apos;wa among my people at night and during the day .
but my Da &apos;wa only strengthened them in escaping .
and again and again , when I made Da &apos;wa for them to forgive YOU , they put their fingers in their ears , wrapped themselves in their clothes , persisted ( of misconduct ) , and rose in quite arrogance .
then I made Da &apos;wa public to them ,
then I exposed it to them and told them secretly .
then I said : Ask your Lord for forgiveness ; surely He is always in vain ,
he rains the heavens over you abundantly ,
provide you with wealth and children , let Jannath grow for you and let rivers flow for you .
Why are you not interested in appreciating Allah ,
where He already created you in phases ?
did you not perceive how Allah created seven superimposed heavens ?
and He made the moon in them as light , and the sun as light .
and Allah truly brought you forth from the Earth ,
then He brings you back into them and He really brings you out .
and Allah made you the earth like the unfolded ,
so that you build on it wide streets . &quot;
Nuh said , &quot; My Lord !
Certainly , they resisted me and followed the one whose wealth and children increased him only in loss .
and they planned an extremely suspicious cunning ,
and said , &quot; Never leave your gods , neither leave Wadd , nor Suwa , nor Yaghuth , Ya &apos;uq , and Nasr ! &quot;
and already they led many . and YOU more than the wrongdoers only to go astray . &quot;
because of their misdeeds , they were drowned , then brought into a fire , then they found no assists for themselves instead of Allah .
and Nuh said , &quot; My Lord !
leave no one on earth from the Kafir .
Certainly , if YOU leave them , they entice Your servants and testify nothing but an extremely kufr ’ -@ committing the misdeeds publicly .
my Lord !
forgive me , my parents , everyone who enters my house as a mummy , the mummy men and the mummy women .
Say , &quot; I was told as Wahy that a group of the Jinn were listening . &quot;
then they said , &quot; Surely we heard a wonderful Quran .
Then we internalized the iman to him , and we will do no shirk to our Lord with anyone . &quot;
&quot; And surely , having all is the glory of our Lord , He took neither companion nor children . &quot;
&quot; and surely the limited one of us used to say otherwise about Allah . &quot;
&quot; And surely we thought that men and Jinn would never say about Allah &apos;s salvation . &quot;
&quot; And surely some men of men used to seek shelter from some men of the Jinn , then they increased them in injustice . &quot;
&quot; and surely they thought as you thought that Allah will not awaken anyone . &quot;
&quot; And surely we sought heaven , then they found full of strong guards and flames of lightning . &quot;
&quot; and surely we used to sit on some of his waits to listen , whoever listens now finds a lurking flash of lightning for himself . &quot;
&quot; And surely we do not know whether evil is willed for those on earth , or whether their Lord would do good for them . &quot;
&quot; And surely among us are the good ones pleasing to God , and among us some are below this ( level ) , we belonged to different denominations . &quot;
&quot; and certainly we believed that we would not trouble Allah on earth and that we would not harm Him by fleeing . &quot;
&quot; And surely , when we heard the guidance , we internalized the iman in it ; and whoever internalizes the iman to his Lord fears neither diminution nor iniquity . &quot;
&quot; and surely among us are Muslims and among us are unjust , and whoever practiced Islam , they sought the reasonable .
and concerning the unjust , so they are for Jahannam firewood . &quot;
and if they had kept the way ( ALLAHs ) , WE would have soaked them abundantly water ,
that We may subject them to the Fitna in it .
and whoever turns away from the remembrance of his Lord , let him enter into an ascending punishment .
&quot; and surely all the mosques are for Allah , so make no supplications to any one beside Allah ! &quot;
&quot; And surely , when Allah &apos;s servant arose to make supplications to Him , they were almost oppressive to him . &quot;
Say : &quot; I pray only to my Lord and do no shirk to Him ! &quot;
Say : Surely I have neither harm nor good for you .
- Say : &quot; I will not be protected from Allah , and I will not find a refuge except with Him ! &quot; -
except for announcements of Allah and His messages , and whoever opposes Allah and His Messenger , surely Jahannam is destined for him , in which they remain forever , forever .
then when they saw what they were threatened with , they will still know who has a weaker assist and is less in number .
Say : I do not know whether it is obvious what is threatened to you , or whether my Lord leaves time for it .
he is the omniscient about the hidden , so He shows His hidden to no one
besides that in which He is well pleased as a messenger , He certainly makes him watch before him and behind him ,
that he ( the Messenger ) may know that they have already delivered the message of their Lord , and He embraced what they have , and numbered all things in detail .
Muz @ zamil !
perform Qiyam all night except a little ,
half of it or reduce it a little ,
or add something to it , and recite the Quran in Tartil @ form !
Surely WE will send you a weighty word .
Certainly , getting up at night is harder than commitment and better for the ( recited ) word .
Certainly , in the day you pursue many occupations .
and remember the name of your Lord , and dedicate yourself to Him in the dedication .
He is the Lord of the East and the West , there is no Deity but Him , so take Him as Wakil !
and be patient with what they say and distance yourself from them at a beautiful distance !
and leave Me with the rich deniers and give them a little time !
Certainly , with Us there are heavy fetters and hell ,
and suffocating food and painful torment ,
on the day when the earth and the mountains tremble , and the mountains become scattered dunes .
Surely We sent to you a messenger testifying against you , as We sent a messenger to Pharaoh .
then Pharaoh resisted the messenger , then WE prosecuted him with a heavy concern .
for how do you , when you have practiced Kufr , protect yourselves from a day that brings grey hair to the children ?
the sky splits away .
his threat is certainly fulfilled .
Surely this is an exhortation ; whoever wills makes a way to his Lord .
Surely your Lord knows that you do Qiyam less than two-thirds of the night , half of it and a third of it , as well as a group of those with you .
and Allah determines the night and the day ; he knew that you cannot grasp it in detail , so He forgave you .
so recite what you are able to do from the Quran .
he knew that there will be sick among you , as well as others who travel around the country , they strive for some of Allah &apos;s favor , as well as others who fight fi @ @ sabilillah , so recite what you are able to do , and properly perform the ritual prayer , pay the zakat , and grant a Hasan @ bond to ALLAHs ( Din ) !
and what good you present to yourselves , you find in Allah better and mightier reward , and ask Allah for forgiveness !
Mud @ dath @ thir !
get up , then warn ,
and then glorify your Lord with Takbir ,
and then make your clothes ritually pure ,
and then avoid the idols !
and make no provision to obtain increase .
and then be patient for your Lord .
so when the Naquur is pushed ,
so this is a hard day on this day
for the Kafir , not easy .
leave Me with the one I created as an individual ,
and to whom I granted great wealth
as well as present children ,
and the I ( the way to glory ) paved the way .
then he hopes that I will give him more .
No !
surely he was defiant of Our Ayat .
I will faint him by severe hurdle .
certainly , he thought and appreciated .
so death be to him , as he judged .
then death be to him , as he judged .
then he looked ,
then he frowned and his face became dark ,
then he turned his back and rose into arrogance ,
then he said , &quot; This is nothing but traditional magic .
this is just a human word . &quot;
I will throw him into Saqar .
and what do you know what Saqar is ? !
she leaves nothing and omits nothing .
it burns the surface of the skin .
above her are nineteen .
no ! at the moon !
at night when it passes away !
in the morning when it shines !
they ( Saqar ) is one of the greatest ( disasters ) ,
as a warning for the people ,
for the one of you who wants to proceed or go back .
every soul depends on what it acquired
except the companions of the right .
they are in Jannath and ask each other
after the heavily missing :
&quot; What brought you into Saqar ? &quot;
they said , &quot; We used not to be those who perform ritual prayer ,
and we did not feed the needy ,
and we used to chatter with the senseless ,
and we used to deny the day of Din ,
to us the certainty came . &quot;
so the intercession of the intercessors does not profit them .
what about them , turning away from admonition ,
as if they were frightened donkeys ,
who fled from a lion ? !
no , but every man of them wants to receive unfolded scriptures .
Certainly , no !
but they fear not the Hereafter .
no ! certainly , it is a reminder .
who wants , remembers .
and they do not remember unless Allah wills ; he is worthy of the Taqwa and worthy of forgiveness .
no , I swear by the Day of Resurrection ,
no , I also swear by the rebuking soul .
does man think that WE will not put his bones together ? !
We are able to put his fingertips in order .
no , but man wants to commit misdeeds publicly before Him .
he asks , &quot; When is the Day of Resurrection ? &quot;
so when the eyes shine ,
the moon is darkened
and the sun and the moon are joined together ,
man says on this day : &quot; Where is the escape route ? &quot;
No !
there is no refuge .
with your Lord this day is the abode .
man is told that day what he presented and what he postponed .
no , but man has insight into himself ,
even if he makes his apologies .
do not move your tongue so that you have it faster .
we are responsible for his collection and his recitation .
if WE then let him recite , then follow his recitation !
then We have his explanation .
certainly , no ! but you love the present ,
and neglects the afterlife .
there are bright faces on this day ,
who look up to their Lord .
and they are darkened faces that day .
they believe that destruction is done to them .
certainly , no ! when she reaches the collarbones ,
and it is said , &quot; Who is healer ? &quot;
and he believed that it was the separation ,
and the leg is struck over the leg ,
to your Lord is to bring this day .
so neither did he consider it true , nor did he perform the ritual prayer ,
but he denied , and turned his back ,
then he went to his family in arrogance .
it ( evil ) came closer to you , it came closer ,
yes ! it came closer to you , it came closer , ( so beware ! ) .
does man think that he remains neglected ? !
he was not a Nutfa of seed that is poured ,
then he was an &apos; Alaqa , then He gave the creation , then He did well ,
then He made of it the duality , the masculine and the feminine ?
is He not able to enliven the dead ?
came to people for a while from the time when he was nothing worth mentioning ? !
Certainly WE created man from mixed Nutfa to examine him , then We made him hearing , seeing .
Certainly , WE guided him to the way right , either thankfully or extremely kufr @ operating .
Certainly WE prepared the Kafir chains , shackles and heat .
surely the benevolent drink of wine mixed with camphor ,
from a spring from which ALLAH &apos;s servants drink , they let them bubble vigorously .
they fulfill the vow and fear a day whose wickedness is spread .
and they eat the food despite their love towards the poor , the orphans and the prisoners :
&quot; We feed you only for the sake of Allah . We do not want any reward or thanksgiving from you ,
Surely we fear a dark , disastrous day from our Lord . &quot;
then Allah protected them from the wickedness of this day and gave them rays and joy ,
and rewarded them for patiently practising janna and silk ,
they see neither sun nor moon in it .
and near are their shadows above them and their fruits have been made very readily available .
and they are served with bowls of silver and cups that are glasses ,
Silver glasses they appreciated correctly .
and they shall be given wine mixed with ginger to drink therein ,
from a source called Sal @ sabil .
and they serve eternal servants , when you see them , you think they are scattered pearls .
and when you see there , you see well-being and great wealth .
they covered clothes of green sundos and istabraq ; and they were adorned with bracelets of silver , and their lord gave them pure drink to drink .
Surely this is a reward for you , and your aspiration has been richly rewarded .
Surely We sent down the Quran to you in successive sending .
Beware patiently of the judgment of your Lord , and hearken not to any that fails or utterly kufr .
and remember the name of your Lord in the morning and before sunset .
and from the night , so do Sujud for Him and praise Him for a long time in the night !
Certainly , these love the present and leave them unnoticed a difficult day .
We created them and strengthened their joints , and if WE wanted , WE would have exchanged them with their peers .
Surely this is an exhortation ; so whoever wills makes a way to his Lord .
and ye will not save that Allah wills ; surely Allah is always omniscient , all-wise .
he lets whoever He wills enter into His grace , and prepared HE for the injustice .
with those who are skillful one by one ,
then the storming one !
for those spreading ,
then the differentiator ,
then the admonishing bearer ,
be it an excuse or a warning !
Surely what is threatened to you will happen .
so when the stars are blurred ,
and when the sky is opened ,
and when the mountains are smashed ,
and when an appointment is set for the envoy ,
the day on which their postponement was granted ,
to the Day of Judgment ,
and what do you know what the day of judging is ?
Decline is destined for the deniers that day !
We did not destroy the former ,
then let them follow the last ? !
in this way WE do with the heavily missing .
Decline is destined for the deniers that day !
Did We not create you from an underestimated liquid ? !
then WE made them in a fixed place of residence ,
by a known deadline ,
how beautiful is The Wealthy One !
Decline is destined for the deniers that day !
WE did not make the earth a gathering place
of the living and dead ? !
and We made upon her high fortifying ( mountains ) ; and We gave you sweet water to drink .
Decline is destined for the deniers that day !
go to what you used to deny .
starts to a shadow with three columns ,
which is neither shady nor protects against the flames .
she throws sparks like a tower ,
as if they were yellow camels .
Decline is destined for the deniers that day !
this is the day when they do not speak ,
and they are not allowed to apologize .
Decline is destined for the deniers that day !
this is the day of judging .
We gathered you and the former .
So if you have cunning , plan cunning against Me !
Decline is destined for the deniers that day !
certainly , the Muttaqi are now in shadows and at sources
as well as with fruit from what they desire .
eat and drink wholesome for what you used to do .
Certainly , in this way WE reward Muhsin .
Decline is destined for the deniers that day !
eat and have fun a little , you are hard to miss .
Decline is destined for the deniers that day !
and when they are told , &apos; Ruku ! &apos; they do not perform Ruku .
Decline is destined for the deniers that day !
to what word after him ( the Quran ) will they internalize the iman ? !
what do they ask each other ? !
according to the tremendous communication ,
about which they disagree ? !
Certainly , no ! they will still know .
then certainly , no ! they will still know .
WE did not make the earth as a base ,
and the mountains as pegs ? !
and WE created you as duties .
We also made your sleep resting .
and WE did the night as enveloping .
also We made the day as a time of life acquisition .
and WE set up seven robust ( heavens ) over you .
also WE made a shining lamp .
and WE dropped abundant running water from rain clouds ,
that WE may sprout grain and fruit with him
as well as densely vegetated Jannat .
Certainly , the day of judging is a fixed time ,
on the day when it is blown in As ’ -@ sur , and then you come in groups ,
and heaven is opened , and it is full of gates ,
and the mountains shall pass away , and they shall become mirage .
surely Jahannam is a wait ,
for the transgressors a place of return .
they linger in it periods of time .
they taste neither cool nor drink
except boiling and pus .
it is a corresponding retribution .
certainly , they used to hope for no reckoning ,
and denied Our Ayat with denial .
and we recorded everything in detail in a register .
We will then only increase you in torment .
Certainly , for the Muttaqi there is a place of profit :
Gardens and vines
as well as well-stocked
and filled cups .
they hear neither senseless talk nor lies in it .
it is a reward from your Lord , a sufficient gift ,
( of ) To the Lord the heavens , the earth , and that which is between them , ( He is ) the Most Merciful ; they have no to speak to Him .
on the day when the rest and the angels are in line , they do not speak except the one to whom the All-Mercy One permits , and says right things .
This is the true day . So whoever wants , takes a return to his Lord .
Certainly WE warned you of a near torment on the day when man looks at what he presented himself , and the Kafir says , &quot; I would only have been earth ! &quot;
with the most thoroughly pulling out !
with those with careful removal !
floating floating ,
then the leader in the race ,
then the one regulating the matter !
on the day when the trembling trembles ,
then follow the addicts ,
the hearts on this day are full of fear ,
their eyes are lowered with awe ,
they say : &quot; we will surely be returned to the previous state ,
even after we became modern bones ? &quot;
they said , &quot; This is surely a lossy reversal . &quot;
it &apos;s just a single cry ,
immediately they are on the flat plane .
was you informed about Musa ? !
when his Lord called him in the purified Tuvah of the valley :
go to Pharaoh , for surely he crossed the border ,
say , &quot; Would you like you to purify yourself ,
and that I may guide you to your Lord , then you shall be reverent ? &quot;
then he showed him the great Aya .
so he denied and resisted ,
then he turned his back and left ,
so he gathered ( the people ) and called ,
then he said , &quot; I am your high Lord . &quot;
then Allah punished him with the harsh punishment for the last and first .
Certainly , there is a teaching for everyone who is reverent .
are you more difficult in creation or heaven ? !
he set it up ,
he increased his thickness , then He levelled him ,
and He darkened his night , and He brought forth his dawn .
and the earth thereafter expanded HE .
he brought out of her her water and her pasture .
and the mountains He had fixed
as consumables for you and for your An &apos;am .
when the great catastrophe comes ,
on this day man remembers what he desired ,
and hell was brought forth for him who sees .
so with regard to the one who crossed the border
and preferred the earthly life ,
so hell is certainly the lodging .
and concerning him who fears the imagination of his Lord , and made the soul of affection contain ,
so certainly the Janna is the accommodation .
they ask you after the hour , &quot; When is their dawn ? &quot;
and what have you to do with their mention ? !
with your Lord is the last over them .
you are only a warner for the one who has reverence for her .
as if , when they see , they did not stay except one night and their dawn .
he frowned and turned his back ,
when the blind man came to him .
and what do you know , maybe he will purify himself ,
or remember , so then the memory benefits him .
with regard to the person who renounces
you come to meet that ,
and it is not incumbent upon you if he does not purify himself .
and concerning the one who comes to you , who strives ,
while he proves reverent ,
you neglect it .
Certainly , no !
certainly , it is a reminder -
So who wants , remembers -
on seasoned leaves ,
which are lifted and cleaned ,
with hands of ambassadors ,
who are worthy , kind , obedient .
Death is to man as kufr -@ operating he is .
from what did He create him ? !
from Nutfa He created it , then He determined it ,
then He facilitated his way ,
then He caused him to die , then He buried him ,
then if He wills , He causes him to awaken .
Surely , no ! he did not do what He commanded him .
so let man look for his food .
Surely WE let the water pour in the watering ,
then WE torn the earth into cracks ,
then WE let grow on their grain
as well as vines and vegetables ,
and olive trees and date palms
and densely vegetated gardens
and fruit and feed
as consumables for you and your An &apos;am .
and when the deafening scream comes ,
on the day when the man flees from his brother
and ( before ) his mother and father
and his companion and his children ,
for every man of them that day there is a matter that occupies him .
there are bright faces on this day ,
smiling with confidence .
and there are faces on which there is dust that day .
something black covers them .
these are the Kufr operators who publicly commit the offence .
when the sun is wound ,
and when the stars disintegrate ,
and when the mountains are passed away ,
and if the highly pregnant camel females are neglected ,
and when the wild animals are gathered ,
and when the seas are kindled / flooded ,
and when the souls ( with their bodies ) are paired ,
and when the vividly buried girl is asked ,
for what misconduct it was killed ,
and when the leaves are unfolded ,
and when the sky is removed ,
and when hell is kindled ,
and when the Janna is brought near ,
then every soul already knows what it did .
no , I swear by the stars ,
which are continuous , continuous ,
and at night , when she pulls up the darkness ,
and in the morning when he is about to become ,
surely he is the word of a noble messenger ,
of the power and prestige of that of Al &apos;ahrsch ,
obedience to him and he is trustworthy .
and your companion is not spiritually disturbed .
and surely he saw him on the clear horizon .
and he is not abstinent with the hidden ( Wahy ) .
and he is not the word of a damned Satan !
where are you going ? !
he is certainly only a reminder for creation ,
for the one of you who wants to behave straightforward .
and ye will not save that Allah will , the Lord of all creation .
when the sky splits ,
and when the stars are scattered ,
and when the seas are blown up ,
and when the graves are dug ,
then every soul already knows what it presented and postponed .
you , man !
what deceived you in your generous Lord ,
who created you , then made you ready , then raised you up ,
in every form He wanted , put you together ? !
Certainly , no !
but you deny the Din ,
and surely about you are keepers ,
who are venerably registering ,
they know what you are doing .
Certainly , the benevolent and obedient are in the welfare .
and surely those who publicly commit offense are in hell .
they are cast into them on the day of Din ,
and they will never be absent from her .
and what do you know what the day of Din is ?
then , what do you know what the day of Din is ? !
on the day when no soul can do anything for a soul , and the matter is subject to Allah on that day .
Decline is the deceiver when measuring ,
those who , when they allow themselves to be measured by men , take beyond measure ,
and if they measure or weigh them , diminish .
they don &apos;t think they &apos;ll be awakened
to a tremendous day ,
when men rise up for the Lord of all creation ?
Certainly , no !
Certainly , the register of the public offender is nevertheless in Sidsch -yoshin !
and what do you know what Sidsch is ? !
it is a sealed / marked register .
Decline on this day is destined for deniers ,
those who deny the day of Din .
and only every missing border crossing denies him .
when Our Ayat was recited to him , he said , &quot; These are the legends of the former . &quot;
Certainly , no , but it overcame their hearts what they used to acquire .
Surely , no , surely they are shielded from their Lord that day .
then surely they will be thrown into Jahannam .
then they are told , &quot; This is what you used to deny . &quot;
Certainly , no ! certainly , the register of goodness is in &apos; Illiyin ,
and what do you know what &apos; Illiyin is ,
it is a sealed / marked register ,
which the loved ones testify .
Certainly , kindness and obedience are in welfare .
they are lying down , they look .
you recognize in their faces the radiance of well-being .
they are given a pure aroma drink to drink ,
whose aroma is of musk . And in it competitors have to compete ,
and its mixture is of Tasniem ,
a source from which the loved ones drink .
Certainly , those who committed serious misdeeds used to make fun of those who internalized the iman .
and as they passed them , they winked at each other .
and when they returned to their families , they returned joyfully .
and when they saw them , they said , &quot; Surely these are wanderers .
and no keepers were sent over them . &quot;
So on this day those who internalized the iman make fun of the kafir .
they are lying down , they are watching :
&quot; was the Kafir rewarded for what they used to do ? &quot;
when the sky tears ,
and all the ear of his master , and it is incumbent upon him ,
and when the earth is expanded ,
and throws out what is in her and renounces it ,
and all the ear of her master , and it is her responsibility ,
Man !
Surely you are a strenuous one to your Lord with effort to meet .
that is , with regard to the one to whom his register is given with his rights ,
so he is subjected to a slight settlement ,
and will happily return to his family .
and concerning the one to whom his register is given from behind his back ,
so he will call for destruction ,
and thrown into heat .
certainly , he was happy in his family .
certainly , he thought that he would not return .
Surely his Lord was above him .
no , I swear by the sunset
and at night and what brings them together ,
and at the moon , when it is full ,
you will ascend from one state to another .
why do they not internalize the iman ? !
and when the Quran is recited to them , they do not perform a Sujujud .
but those who have operated Kufr deny ,
and Allah knows better about what they are aware of .
so convey to them the &quot; good news &quot; of a painful torment ,
except for those who internalized the iman and pleasing to God , for whom a never-ending reward is intended .
at the sky of constellations ,
and on the threatened day ,
and with the witness and witness ,
Death is the companion of the ditch .
the fire in it is with fuel ,
when they were sitting around it ,
and they are witnesses of what they do to the Moomin .
and they disapproved of them nothing but to internalize the iman in Allah , the All-Worthy , the All-Praiseworthy ,
to whom belongs the dominion of the heavens and the earth .
and Allah witnesses everything .
Certainly , for those who expose the Moomin-@ men and Moomin-@ women of Fitna , then do not regret , the torment of Jahannam and the torment of burning is determined .
Certainly , for those who have internalized Iman and done good pleasing to God , Jannath are destined to flow through rivers ; this is the great success .
Surely the power of your Lord is fierce .
Certainly , He is the one who lets begin and return .
and He is the Forgiving , the Most Loving ,
from the glorious Al &apos;ahrsch ,
the omnipotent of what He wills .
you received the message about the soldiers ,
about Pharaoh and Thamud ? !
no , but those who have operated Kufr are in denial .
and ALLAH is all-encompassing before them .
no , but he is a glorious Quran ,
on a well-kept board .
at the sky and the at @ tariq ,
and what do you know what At @ tariq is ? !
it is the radiant / high star .
about every soul there is undoubtedly a preserver .
so man shall see from what he was created .
it was created from poured liquid ,
which comes out of between spine and ribs .
surely He is able to bring back ,
on the day when the innermost is tested ,
then there is neither strength nor assistance for him .
with heaven with return ,
and with the earth with tearing !
certainly , he is a judgmental word ,
and he is not unserious .
Certainly , they plan List
and I meet their cunning ,
so grant the Kafir postponement , grant them short postponement !
glory in the name of your supreme Lord ,
of the One Who created and then coped ,
and the One Who appointed , then guided ,
and the One Who brought forth the counterrace ,
and He then made it green-black dried up .
We will have you recited , so do not forget
besides what Allah wills , surely He knows what is manifest and what is hidden .
and WE easily lead you to the relieved .
so exhort , if the exhortation profit .
the one who has reverence will be admonished ,
and she avoids the wretched .
the one thrown into the greatest fire ,
then neither dies nor lives in it .
already successful is the one who purified himself
and remembered the name of his Lord , and made the ritual prayer .
no , but you prefer the life of this world .
but the Hereafter is better and more lasting .
certainly , this is in the first scriptural sheets ,
the lettering sheets of Ibrahim and Musa .
was you given the message about the enveloping ? !
faces on this day are humble ,
working , exhausted ,
they are thrown into a very hot fire ,
they are soaked from a boiling source .
for them there is no food except dried thorn ,
that neither nourishes nor satisfies hunger .
faces on this day are pleasant ,
satisfied with their aspirations ,
in a high Janna .
you hear no senseless talk in it .
there is a flowing source in it .
in it are raised loungers
and provided chalices
and lined up cushions
and distributed carpets .
do not look at the camels as they were created ,
and to heaven as it was lifted up ,
and to the mountains as they were put ,
and to the earth as it was spread out ? !
you are only an admonisher ,
you are not a disposer of them .
except the one who turned his back and operated Kufr ,
ALLAH will then torment him with the greatest torment .
surely to Us is their return ,
then surely We have their reckoning .
at dawn ,
and at ten nights ,
and by the straight line and the straight line ,
and at night when it passes away !
is there an oath for one with reason ? !
you did not see how your Lord dealt with &apos; Aad ,
of Iram with the high ,
unparalleled in the countries ,
as well as with Thamud , those who carved out the rock in the valley ,
as well as with Pharaoh , who from the pyramids ,
those who crossed the border in the cities ,
then multiplied in it the ruin ,
then your Lord poured out a mixture of torment on them ?
Surely your Lord is watching .
so concerning man , when He tests him and gives him dignity and benefit , He says , &quot; My Lord has shown me dignity . &quot;
and concerning him , when He tests him , and his rizq does him little , he says , &quot; My Lord humbled me . &quot;
certainly , no ! but you do not give dignity to orphans ,
and you do not encourage the food of the needy ,
and you consume the inheritance in full consumption ,
and you love wealth in exceedingly great love .
Certainly , no !
when the earth is crushed in crushing after crushing ,
and your Lord and the angels came in rows ,
and on that day Jahannam is brought in , on that day man remembers , and how can the memory benefit him ?
he says , &quot; I would have presented something only for my life ! &quot;
so on this day no one torments like His torment ,
and captivates no one like His fetters .
you , the soul already finding peace !
return to your Lord satisfied and satisfied ,
so enter among My servants ,
and enter My Janna !
no , I swear by this city -
and you live in this city -
and with the witness and what he has begotten !
Certainly , We have already created man to strive .
does he think that no one overwhelms him ? !
he says , &quot; I consumed accumulated wealth . &quot;
does he think that no one saw him ? !
We did not make him two eyes
as well as tongues and two lips ,
and did We guide him in both ways ? !
so he did not climb Al- &apos; aqaba .
and what do you know what Al- &apos; aqaba is ? !
it is the liberation of an unfree man ,
or feeding in a day of great famine
of an orphan from relatives
or a needy person of great need .
then he was of those who internalized the iman and exhorted one another for patience and exhorted one another for mercy .
these are the companions of the right .
and those who have pursued our Ayat over against Kufr are the companions of the evil omens ,
above them is closed fire .
by the sun and its rays ,
and with the moon , if it follows it ,
and the day when he made them visible ,
and at night , when she envelops her ,
and by heaven and to Him Who established him ,
and by the earth and to Him Who spread it ,
and with the soul and to Him Who made them right ,
then she entered both Taqwa and Taqwa ,
already successful is the one who keeps them pure ,
and already the one who covered them ( with Taqwa -@ Losigkeit ) lost .
Thamud denied because of their border crossing ,
when their wretched man went off ,
then Allah &apos;s Messenger told them , &quot; Let the female camel of Allah and avoid their potions . &quot;
then they accused him of falsehood , then they hurt his legs ( the female camel ) , then their Lord destroyed them because of their transgression , then He let them be even .
and He has no fear of their consequence .
at night , when it envelops ,
and the day when he reveals himself ,
and with Him Who created the male and the feminine !
Certainly , your striving is different .
so concerning the one who donated and acted according to Taqwa
and considered the beautiful ( Janna ) to be true ,
We will make it easy for him to make it easier .
and with regard to the one who stingy and renounced ( the Din )
and the beautiful denied ,
WE will make it easy for him to make things easier .
and his wealth shall not profit him if he perish .
Surely We are responsible for guidance .
and surely We have both the last and the first .
So I warned you of a fire blazing ,
into which no one but the wretched is thrown ,
the one who denied and turned his back .
and the Muttaqi is kept away from him ,
who donates his fortune and keeps himself clean .
and no one has with him a benefit to be repaid ,
so ( he did ) only in the pursuit of his supreme Lord .
and surely he will be satisfied .
in the morning
and at night when it rests !
neither did your Lord forsake you , nor is He averse to you .
and surely the last is better for you than the first .
and surely your Lord will give you so much that you will be satisfied .
HE did not find you an orphan , then He granted you security ? !
and He found you erring , so He guided you correctly .
and He found you poor , then He made you rich .
so with regard to the orphan , so do not suppress !
and concerning the petitioner , do not curse !
and concerning the benefit of your Lord , speak about it .
We have not extended your chest ,
and took away your burden ,
that pushed down your back ,
and increase your reputation ? !
so certainly , there is relief with the complication .
Certainly , there is relief with the complication .
so when you are relieved , make an effort ,
and to your Lord , dedicate yourself sincerely .
at figs and olives ,
at the Tur -@ mountain of Sinin ,
at this safe city !
Certainly , We have already created man in the best upright ,
then We returned him to the lowest of the lower ,
except for those who have internalized the iman and done good pleasing to God , a never-ending reward is destined for them .
so what else makes you deny the Din ? !
is not Allah the Best Judge of the Judges ? !
recite in the name of your Lord who created .
he created man from &apos; Alaq .
recite , and your Lord is the Most Venerable ,
who taught writing with the writing instrument ,
he taught man what he did not know .
Surely , no , surely man exceeds the limit ,
when he sees himself rich .
surely to your Lord is the return .
how do you see the one who forbids it
a servant when he performs the ritual prayer ? !
how do you see it ? should he be guided ,
or Taqwa ? !
how do you see it ? should he deny and turn his back ? !
Did he not know that Allah sees ? !
Certainly , no !
if he does not stop , WE will drag the forehead hair ,
Forehead hairs that are lying and missing .
so let him call his union !
We will call strict angels .
Certainly , no , do not listen to him , do Sujud and approach !
Certainly , WE sent him down on the night of Al @ qadr .
and what do you know what Al @ qadr @ night is ? !
the Al @ qadr @ night is better than a thousand months .
the angels and the rest are gradually sent down in her with the consent of her Lord because of every matter .
Salam is it until dawn .
those of the scriptural owners who operated Kufr , and the Muschrik will not let go , up to them the clarity comes ,
an envoy of Allah reciting purified scriptures ,
in which are valuable chapters .
and those to whom the Scripture was given did not disagree except after the clarity had come to them .
and they were not commanded except that they serve Allah , sincerely in Din to Him as Hanif , to perform the ritual prayer properly , and to pay the zakat ; and this is the Din of straightforwardness .
Certainly , those of the scriptural owners who operated Kufr , and the Muschrik are in the fire of Jahannam , they are in it forever .
these are the worst of creatures .
Certainly , those who have internalized Iman and done good to God , these are the best of creatures .
Their reward with their Lord is &apos; Adn &apos; jannat , which is crossed by rivers , in which they are eternal , forever . Allah liked them and they are pleased with Him .
when the earth is shaken with its tremor ,
and the earth brings forth its burdens ,
and man says , &quot; What &apos;s wrong with her ? , &quot;
that day she shares her messages ,
that your Lord gave her Wahy .
on this day men come forth scattered , that their deeds may be shown to them .
So whoever does the weight of a dust good will see it .
and whoever does evil to the weight of a dust will see it .
at the snorting race ends ,
then the spark -@ striking ,
then the one who storms in the morning ,
then they stirred up dust with it ,
then they invaded the middle of the assembly !
Surely man is ungrateful to his Lord .
and surely he is a witness of it .
and surely he is exuberant to the love of good .
he does not know if what is uncovered by the graves
and which is brought forth in the breasts ,
surely their Lord will know them this day ?
it is Al @ qari &apos;a .
what is Al @ qari &apos;a ? !
and what do you know what Al ’ -@ qari ’ a is ? !
on the day when people are like scattered moths ,
and the mountains are like plucked wool .
that is , with regard to the one whose weight is difficult ,
so he has a pleasant life .
and with regard to the one whose weight is easy ,
so is his mother Hawiya .
and what do you know what this is ? !
it is an ardent fire .
has distracted you ( the addiction ) for multiplication ,
until you have visited the graves .
Surely , no ! you will still know .
then surely , no ! you will still know .
Surely , no , you would have the knowledge of certainty ,
you would surely recognize hell .
then you will see them as the certainty in itself .
then on this day you will undoubtedly be held accountable for the welfare .
at Al- &apos; asr !
certainly , man is in loss
except those who have internalized the iman , done good pleasing to God , exhorted one another to the truth , and exhorted one another to patience .
Decline is extremely offensive to everyone by slander , extremely insulting by facial expressions ,
of wealth and counted again and again .
he thought that his fortune had immortalized him .
Certainly , no !
he is thrown into Al @ hutama .
and what do you know what Al @ hutama is ? !
it is the kindled fire of Allah ,
that beats over the hearts .
Certainly , it is completed above them ,
on outstretched columns ( tied ) .
Did you not see what your Lord did to the elephant &apos;s companions ?
He did not let their cunning go wrong ,
and sent birds into swarms about them ,
who threw clay at them ,
then they made like eaten leaves ? !
because of the connection of Quraish ,
their connection of the journey from winter and summer ,
and they shall serve the LORD of this house ;
who fed them after hunger , and gave them security for fear .
do you know the one who denies the Din ? !
so this is the one who pushes away the orphan
and does not encourage the feeding of the needy .
that is , decline is that of ritual prayer ,
those who are heedless of their ritual prayer ,
those who operate Riyaa
and refuse the utensils .
Certainly , WE gave you Al Kauthar ,
so perform the ritual prayer for your Lord and kill !
surely your slanderer is the one without a ancestor .
Say , &quot; You Kafir !
I do not serve what you serve ,
and you are not servants of Him Whom I serve .
and I am not a servant of that which ye have served ,
and you are not servants of Him Whom I serve .
You are your Din and I am my Din . &quot;
when ALLAH &apos;s assistance and victory comes
and you see the people entering into Din of Allah in multitudes ,
so praise with your Lord &apos;s praise and ask Him for forgiveness ; surely He is always extremely faithful .
Destruction be Abu -@ lahab , destruction be to him !
his fortune and not what he acquired did not benefit him .
he is thrown into a fire with flames
as well as his wife , the bearer of wood ,
around her neck is a rope made of palm bast .
Say , &quot; He is Allah , only .
Allah is Ace -@ samad .
He never begat and He was never begotten ,
and no one is equal to Him . &quot;
Say : I seek shelter from the LORD of dawn
before the evil of what He created ,
and before the evil of an eclipsed man when he dawns ,
and before the evil of the bubbles on the knots ,
and before the evil of an envy when he envies . &quot;
Say : I seek refuge from the Lord of men ,
with the ruler of men ,
with The Deity of Man
from the evil of the hiding whisperer -
who whispers in people &apos;s breasts -
of the Jinn and the people . &quot;
