Biker reacts lightning-fast and prevents
On Friday evening , a traffic accident occurred on the Machtolsheim Merklingen road , in which a motorcyclist was only slightly injured thanks to his quick reaction .
Motorist overlooks biker
A 44-year-old motorist wanted to turn left with her VW from Merklingen onto Landesstraße 1230 towards Machtolsheim at around 9.30 p.m .
In doing so , the 24-year-old driver entitled to drive from Nellingen overlooked .
In the collision hand and foot brake levers fly away
The biker still tried to avoid the car , but still touched it at the rear of the vehicle .
Due to the stripping process , the hand and foot brake levers on the Suzuki were torn off and the driver was no longer able to brake .
At present , he steered his motorcycle in the green stiffnesses next to the road and let it roll out there to fall .
Biker suffers leg injury
Due to the collision with the car , Biker suffered an injury to Beim and had to be treated in a clinic .
Mamming Corona Mass Infection 174 Harvester Infected
After a corona mass infection of a large vegetable farm in mamming , almost 500 people are under quarantine and are no longer allowed to leave the plant .
Security service monitors the ban .
A total of 174 harvesters tested positive for the Corona pathogen Sars-CoV-2 during the series examination , as announced by the district office on Saturday evening .
&quot; In order to avoid further expansion , we unfortunately have to take steps to protect the population , &quot; explained District Administrator Werner Bumeder ( CSU ) .
Previously , seven employees had already become infected in the company - this was the occasion of the series test .
The farm is a large vegetable farm that grows strawberries , cucumbers , cabbage and beetroot - cucumbers but only for inlay glasses .
Mamming is a rural community about 3300 not far from Dingolfing large BMW plant .
appealed to the citizens to keep calm : &quot; According to information , it is a closed group of people .
On the farm , uninfected employees were separated , the site is now surrounded by a barrier fence .
Greens and SPD shared responsibility with the state government .
The two opposition factions accused Prime Minister Markus Söder ( ) and his cabinet of controlling seasonal workers .
&quot; can take bitter revenge if such and lockdowns have to be ordered , &quot; said Jürgen , the parliamentary managing director of the Greens .
The SPD looks quite similar : &quot; After the Corona outbreak in mid-May , we have already called for a special control program for farms with harvesters , &quot; said environmental expert Florian von Brunn .
&quot; Especially the hygiene conditions at the workplace and the living conditions from our sharply controlled .
This is obviously not &quot; .
The outbreak came with announcement .
Aidenbachstraße : Dangerous quarrel : 19-year-old falls into the track bed after Schubser
In a dispute between two youth groups on Aidenbachstraße , a 19-year-old slipped through a thrust and track bed .
Obersendling - On Friday it came underground station Aidenbachstraße around 16.15 o &apos;clock to a dispute between two youth groups .
A passer-by alerted police with several stripes .
According to initial investigations , a Munich ( 17 ) pushed a 19-year-old to the ground .
The boy slipped over the platform edge and fell track bed .
People from the 17-year-old group helped the fallen person climb out of track .
There was no danger from an entering railway .
According to the police , there were again clashes between the two people .
The 17-year-old fled the crime scene at first , but his could be determined afterwards .
His father &apos;s companion went to the police inspection .
&quot; 17-year-old assault &quot; .
Report : Seehofer urges data retention
Data retention is currently
Federal Minister of the Interior Horst Seehofer calls for an extension after a media report
He wants to strengthen the fight against it .
Federal Minister of the Interior Horst Seehofer ( ) calls for a media report to be extended - instead of the planned ten weeks for half a year .
As the &quot; Bild am Sonntag &quot; reports , Minister of Justice Christine Lambrecht asked SPD in a letter for a quick amendment to the law .
Seehofer wants to strengthen measures against child abuse
He considers it sensible to &quot; make necessary adjustments to the law already now &quot; , quotes those from the letter .
Data retention is currently suspended .
A decision by the ECJ on this is expected .
Seehofer , however , wants the changes beforehand so that they could be applied after a possible positive judgment , he continues .
A spokesman for the Ministry of Justice told the newspaper that it could only make sense whether the courts had decided .
In the fight against child abuse and child pornography , Seehofer , together with those , had already spoken out in favour of data retention in June .
NBA : Stripclub trouble for clipper star Lou Williams
Excitement of the NBA !
Lou Williams ( ) , professional basketball player Los Angeles Clippers , is said to have left the tournament district in Disney World in Orlando , Florida with permission for a funeral .
According to US media reports , however , he still has the strip club &quot; Magic City &quot; in Atlanta in the evening .
who is said to have admitted the visit according to ESPN information is back in isloation , is tested daily on COVID-19 .
His reason for the visit : Chicken Wings .
In February last year , &quot; Sweet Lou &quot; , as he is called the NBA , expressed his love for precisely these wings .
The American wrote : &quot; Magic City and Blue Flame ( another strip club in Atlanta , usually the Wings have in town .
NBA insider Shams Charania announced on Twitter on Sunday that she had prescribed a ten-day quarantine .
The Clipper star missed the first official games after the test game phase .
In Disney World , the NBA wants to play the Corona season .
Currently , the best 22 teams are preparing for the season finale starting at night Friday .
Söder comments on the Corona situation after mass infection
Munich - Health Minister Melanie Huml ( CSU has already announced a test offensive for large farms on Sunday .
The press conference will be shown on our homepage .
The Mamming case in the district of Dingolfing-Landau has startled authorities and politicians .
Almost 500 harvesters from countries are currently working on the large vegetable farm , which has infected the Corona pathogen .
The farm is now under quarantine and is closed with a fence .
No one is allowed to leave the grounds , become food .
The authorities now offer free corona tests to the 3,300 inhabitants of the community .
Since the harvesters had little contact with the local population , Landratsamt assumes that the infections have not spread out of the farm .
&quot; remorse &quot; : confession of the alleged arsonist of Nantes
&quot; My client was cooperative , &quot; lawyer Quentin Chabert told the newspaper .
The defender added , &quot; He greatly regrets the deeds , the confession was a liberation for him . &quot;
His mandate was &quot; plagued by remorse and taken away by the extent of destruction &quot; .
In case of conviction , according to years of imprisonment and a fine of 150,000 euros are threatened .
The St. Peter and Paul Cathedral in Nantes was hit by a fire last night on Saturday .
The fire broke out in three separate parts of the church .
Laboratory tests confirmed the suspicion of arson
He was arrested a few hours after the fire .
He was released after a day .
The man works as a volunteer for the diocese of Nantes and was responsible for closing the fire on the eve of the fire .
Since there was no trace for a violent in the church , he quickly came into the spotlight of investigators .
Discuss the abolition of the 50 1 rule
Former DFB President Reinhard Grindel has recommended thinking about abolishing the 50 + 1 rule
&quot; German football should at least discuss setting conditions and clear rules for investors before the EU Commission creates fait accompli , &quot; said Grindel of &quot; Bild am Sonntag &quot; .
He stressed : &quot; For the clubs that can most likely become dangerous in Bavaria and Dortmund , 50 + 1 rules do not work anyway : see Leipzig or Leverkusen .
In this respect , one cannot avoid the debate as to whether it is not necessary to facilitate the involvement of investors in associations that want to break into this phalanx . &quot;
has doubts as to whether there is a majority stake in German football , which is governed by the 50 + 1 rule in the Bundesliga .
&quot; It remains a legal risk to draw investment fences around the Bundesliga as a business location in a European internal market , &quot; said Grindel .
The former DFB boss sees the danger that &quot; the attempts to ensure more competitive balance in the Bundesliga will ultimately only lead to top competitiveness clubs at European level , but no longer to the championship &quot; .
Even an equal distribution of TV money would achieve a decisive effect .
&quot; FC Bayern generates sales of 750 million euros , Borussia Dortmund of 500 million and RB Leipzig of 300 million
So the differences are immense among the first three clubs alone .
The other 15 have an average budget of 130 million , &quot; said the 58-year-old .
Looking at the past , Grindel feels betrayed
Unfortunately , there were people who noticed this mistake and pierced the press to respond to it , &quot; said Grindel about the adoption of an expensive watch , which in April 2019 led to his resignation .
&quot; That occupied me very much humanly &quot; .
Gift worth 11,000 he from the Ukrainian official .
&quot; I committed a compliance violation , and it was right to draw conclusions from it , said Grindel .
&quot; I dealt with the ominous watch gift completely transparently and unsuspecting .
Many in the DFB knew it . &quot;
He never &quot; made a secret of that , &quot; assured the 58-year-old .
&quot; This may be called naive , at least this form of transparency the complete opposite of corruption &quot; .
&quot; Black Lives Matter &quot; : and a
The protests against in the United States have escalated again through Donald Trump &apos;s use of federal police in several cities .
On Saturday there were clashes between demonstrators and police officers in various cities .
Three people were injured in Louisville and 16 in Seattle .
In Austin , a person was shooting while a demonstration train was crossing a junction .
Previously , there had been clashes in Portland during racism and again .
The security forces , including federal police officers , used tear gas on Saturday night and drove demonstrators apart .
Hundreds of armed protesters marched through Louisville , Kentucky , demanding that those responsible for Breonna Taylor &apos;s death become responsible .
The 26-year-old student was shot in March during a drug raid in her apartment .
The aim of the raid was others who did not live at all , no drugs were found .
On Saturday , when a member of a group called the Armed Alliance of Black Americans gave one , three people were injured .
According to NBC , they were taken to the hospital .
None of them were in mortal danger .
The police set up barricades because counter-demonstrators of a white militia also had
In the end , the two groups did not meet .
In the Texas Austin Person during a Black Lives Matter demonstration and died .
The police took a suspect into custody .
She did not go into more detail about the circumstances of the act .
Mayor Steve told the New York Times &quot; that , like many in the city , he was &quot; inconsolable and stunned &quot; because of what had happened .
Also in the American metropolis Seattle demonstrators delivered clashes with the police on Saturday
They set fire to construction vehicles in front of a youth prison , the police put glare grenades and pepper spray .
According to the Seattle Times , 16 people were arrested for resistance to police or assault .
In city of Oakland in California courthouse set on fire .
A small group of demonstrators hit windows , shot down fireworks and blinded police officers with lasers , the Oakland police said on Saturday evening ( local time ) .
The fire was quickly extinguished
In Aurora , a suburb of Denver , Colorado , a car drove through a crowd demonstrating on a highway .
According to the police , a demonstrator fired a gun and at least was taken to the hospital injured .
In addition , a court was also beaten there and a fire was set , as the police reported .
Investigations were started .
Rakoczy in Bad Kissingen : Historical defying Corona
Although the big break was missing in the spa town , visitors and performers enjoyed the Rakoczy flair of the alternative program .
It was unusual for visitors , performers and : The Rakoczy weekend without Rakoczy festival .
: Even if the big party mile was missing in the city center , which burns Rakoczy-Ball or Festzug and program highlights like Saale , many Corona-compliant alternative programs came their .
&quot; We managed to spread Rakoczy flair , &quot; says spa director Sylvie Thormann .
The guests would have accepted it well .
In principle , one returns to the beginnings of the Rakoczy Festival , as well as the historical focus of the festival alone .
Atmosphere
Vesna Konhäuser has been visiting Kissingen with her husband for more than 25 years .
So also this time Corona year .
The couple has made themselves comfortable at Luitpold Casino , watching the historical stroll and listening to the Cuban live music casino restaurant .
&quot; I find it so pleasant , &quot; says Konhäuser .
She does not miss the crowds that otherwise belong to Rakoczy .
But it lacks the usual program highlights , all Saale burns on Friday evening as well as the historic procession and that on Sunday evening .
&quot; That &apos;s a pity .
The weather would have been great this year , &quot; she says .
Rakoczy riding tournament again
For performers of the historical spa guests , the alternative program sometimes meant more work
For example , for Christina Gold who participates in the procession in a normal year and can be seen there on the carriage of the .
This year she was on Saturdays and Sundays in costume on foot in the city .
&quot; is already more strenuous , otherwise we have easier &quot; , she .
The equestrian club had less to do when some were traveling in the park .
&quot; very much hope to take place again next year , &quot; says Chairman Ulrike Waldhofen .
She announced that after several years break 2021 also a Rakoczy riding tournament would take place .
28 Corona cases with Spanish second division club Fuenlabrada
The Spanish second division football player CF Fuenlabrada slides deeper and deeper into the crisis of a Corona outbreak .
Since the newcomer from Madrid flew to a match in the city of A Coruña despite the first Corona Falls on 20 July , a low blow follows the next
By Sunday , 28 players had tested positive team members , one came in , like the club .
Fuenlabrada from the eponymous city southwest of still had the chance to reach the promotion playoffs .
Now there is even a threat of relegation to the B group of the second .
The match against La Coruña last Monday was cancelled at the last moment , the prosecutor &apos;s office investigated for a possible crime against public health , the supreme sports authority CSD is considering the forced relegation of the club .
Players and other team members are quarantined in a hotel .
&quot; Until the sixth day of quarantine , they have not received a fresh towel and gel , &quot; wrote the sports newspaper &quot; AS &quot; .
On photos you can see how players hung up underwear and club clothes in their rooms in the hotel to dry after they apparently had to wash them themselves .
The bed linen was also not changed for five days .
One problem is eating .
&quot; AS &quot; wrote that it was neither good nor sufficient .
The club management , on the other hand , is satisfied with the hotel .
Allegations of deliberately having public health were rejected by the club &apos;s lawyer , Javier Tebas Llanas .
The son of the President of the Spanish Division , Javier Tebas , as reported by the news agency Europa Press and the &quot; Marca &quot; , did not violate the Corona rules established by the Football Association .
Before departure , there were infected people until 19 July , but they were all isolated and travelled with them .
Directly before the flight to A Coruña on Monday , all and team members were tested again .
When the team was already in A Coruña , &quot; five or six &quot; other team members of the Corona test were positive .
The game was cancelled 60 minutes before the kick-off , Tebas Llanas .
Police must capture horses torn out by steam compartment
Two animals were on the road .
The police led her .
On Sunday morning shortly before 6 o &apos;clock a road user informed two free-running horses on the feeder between the confluence Donnersdorf / Steinsfeld and the motorway junction .
Upon the arrival of the officials , the horses were already again between the feeder and the village of Dampfach
After shortly before steam compartment by the officials confidence of the horses are won , these each one in the carried rope
Cycling pro Tony Martin : career continuation imaginable
Time trial specialist Martin thinks about continuing his career
Frankfurt / Main - The seven-time time-trial world champion Tony Martin can imagine continuing his cycling career .
&quot; I am currently working with the team to define the framework conditions and in what form it could continue , &quot; said the 35-year-old of the &quot; Frankfurter Allgemeine Sonntagszeitung &quot; .
Martin is employed by Dutch team Jumbo-Visma and had considered the Corona break to end his career after this year .
Negotiations with his team are also about the number of race days , he .
Or other problems that would plague him as a family father , Martin .
He used to be after a fall , and the first thought was &quot; Quickly back on the bike .
Today I think father of a little one : What if &quot; .
The professional cyclist agrees that there are certainly aspects with which he is increasingly difficult .
&quot; But it was good for me to notice from the Corona time what I enjoy cycling and how much fun I enjoy it
The time trial specialist returns to the competition at the Tour de l &apos;Ain ( 5 to 9 August ) .
Bavaria : At least four dead on Bavaria &apos;s streets on weekends
The beautiful weather attracts bikers to the streets in many places .
For at least three people , the tour ends fatally by motorcycle .
A year old pedestrian also dies .
Schönthal - accidents on Bavaria &apos;s weekend several , mostly young people died .
An 18-year-old motorcyclist was captured by one on Saturday near Schönthal ( district of Cham ) .
Why the car got on the counter lane was initially unclear .
In Upper Bavaria , a 22-year-old met a horse-drawn carriage on his machine on Saturday .
According to the police at Beilngries , he went downhill .
In a left turn he bounced against the carriage
were so heavy that he died at the scene of the accident .
Of the twelve inmates of the carriage , a man was seriously injured and a man slightly injured , like the police .
In another fatal accident , an 18-year-old died in Bad Kötzting in Upper Palatinate .
He had taken a road on the night of Sunday and by a 42-year-old driver .
After the police , the 18-year-old wanted to sleep .
The driver no longer brakes in time .
At Schönberg district of Freyung-Grafenau ) , a 57 year biker crashed frontally against a car in a right turn .
He died .
57-year-old driver suffered one , the remaining three people car remained unhurt
The motorcyclists were discussed on Saturday by Bavaria &apos;s Minister of Transport Schreyer ( CSU ) .
In a letter to the organizer of the biker protests against driving bans announced for August , Gabor , referred to extensive investments such as guardrails to defuse dangerous curves .
&quot; For safety motorcyclists , we have done a lot in recent years , &quot; the letter said .
&quot; The number of people killed increased by around 28 in 2011 &quot; .
Kovac tests with Monaco against Frankfurt
Frankfurt / ( dpa - For football coach Niko Kovac there will soon be a reunion with Eintracht Frankfurt with his new club AS Monaco .
The eight-time French champion will perform on 1 August ( 18.00 at the Hesse , the former Club Croats
For Bundesliga clubs it is the one and before the return match in the Europa League against Basel ( 6 August ) .
Because of the coronavirus pandemic , the encounter is held without spectators .
&quot; We are especially looking forward to this game .
It is always time to come to Frankfurt and meet friends , &quot; explained Kovac .
Sporty , this is an interesting test , said the 48-year-old .
Before moving to FC Bayern Munich , Kovac had the Hessen from to victory in the DFB Cup .
&quot; A top-class opponent like Monaco is a good test for us in terms of the game against Basel .
Like all Frankfurt residents , I look forward to seeing Niko Kovac again , &quot; said Eintracht coach Adi Hütter .
50 years old Austrian had succeeded the Croat in the Concord
In March , the Frankfurter had lost the round of 16 first leg against Basel in their own stadium with 0 : 3 .
Nearly 50 new infections : Hof district close to
In the district of Hof , the number of known Corona new infections has increased further on weekends : from 39 on and 43 on Saturdays ( one person recovers and does not fall into these statistics ) to 47 Sundays .
In addition , there is a case in the courtyard .
Thus , the Hof area is approaching the critical mark of 50 new infections per 100,000 inhabitants per week .
700 dead due to monsoon rains in Southeast Asia
Of the severe floods in are more than 9 million , especially in India and Nepal .
A total of 700 people were killed due to severe monsoon rains .
Bangladesh is trying to reach the isolated people of the Red Crescent Boats .
Entire villages are under .
The farmers have lost their harvests .
Tank rhinos in national park by landslides
In Kaziranga National Park several of the 120 rhinestones by landslides .
are under protection and considered endangered by extinction .
This year , the floods are bad , which scientists attribute to climate change .
According to the United Nations , Bangladesh belongs to one of the countries most affected by global warming .
New ones are empty
In the village of Cox &apos;s Bazar in the south of has built apartments for 650 by the floods .
So far only confiscated
It is difficult to people after Cox &apos;s Bazar .
There is also enthusiasm .
Anyone who used to have a house was so small and like one , often does not want to spend his life in a large block of flats .
Many apartments are empty , so the government wants to move in soon from those who have lost their house due to the floods .
60 Corona new infections in Vienna in just one day
Reported in 24-hour comparison in 60 Corona new infections - Lower Austria there were 22 new infections .
The Vienna State Health Directorate and the crisis staff of the City of Vienna regularly inform the current case numbers and other key figures on the COVID-19 virus : As of Sunday , 26 July 2020 , 8 a.m. , 4,840 ( + 60 ) positive tests have been confirmed in Vienna .
The number of viruses associated with the virus remains unchanged at 204 .
4,090 ( + 48 ) persons have recovered .
22 new coronavirus infections Lower Austria
The number of coronavirus infections in Lower Austria on Sunday increased by 22 now 3,288 .
According to the medical staff , a patient recovered anew .
the number of people recovered increases to 2,936 .
Currently suffering from COVID-19 , the federal state had 247 patients .
147,253 tests were carried out .
105 people died in connection with lung disease .
Argentina rejects creditors &apos; counter-offer
The new demands could not be met , with the Ministry of Economy in Buenos Aires on Saturday .
&quot; That would not only be irresponsible , but also unjust , &quot; said a statement .
&quot; While 50 percent of children live poverty in Argentina , we can increase short-term profits from our creditors . &quot;
The debt of the second largest economy in South America to the current no longer viable .
This is why Argentina is asking its private creditors to claim some of their claims of around 66 billion US dollars ( around billion euros ) .
If there is no agreement , the state bankruptcy threatens the country again .
It would be the default in Argentine history .
Most recently , lenders had demanded higher interest on the and changes to some contractual clauses .
The Argentine government is sticking to its last offer and is not willing to make any further concessions .
Argentina is in a severe financial and economic crisis .
This was more than 50 .
For the current experts expect one of the economic power about ten percent .
May Argentina did not pay interest claims in the amount of 503 million US dollars and had thus slipped into a default .
Arrived professionally - not yet private
&quot; It &apos;s going super-well &quot; - Dr. Kramer concludes after her first days at the notary &apos;s office in Eggenfelden .
Everything went very quickly : In mid-May , Dr. Stefanie Kramer learned that she would succeed Lutz in the Eggenfelden notary &apos;s office
Already six later at the beginning of July the doctorate took the work , the normal daily business runs long ago on full speed
&quot; Privately , however , I have to arrive , &quot; explains in an interview with the Rottaler and laughs .
Of course , the short lead time was not enough to move the center of life from Regensburg completely to Eggenfelden , reports the native .
She is currently looking for a suitable apartment or house in the city with her husband , who works as a judge at the district court in Regensburg .
her husband was able to apply for parental leave at short notice in order to provide care for the two daughters ( 3 ½ and 1 ½ years old ) .
In order not to have to commute every day from Regensburg , she has for the time being accommodation with her parents Dingolfing , the 39-year-old .
Growing up in , the city of Eggenfelden is of course a household name .
During visits on site with family in recent months , she has once again stated : Eggenfelden is a really beautiful small town &quot; .
She was all the more pleased that she had made competitions for the vacancy of the race .
Her native Lower Bavaria also plays a central role in Dr. Stefanie Kramer &apos;s professional career : After studying law in Passau , she completed her legal traineeship and the 2nd in Regensburg .
After several positions as notary assessor , including Rehau and Hof in Upper Franconia , Babenhausen in the Unterallgäu and Regensburg - during this time she also &quot; incidentally &quot; shouldered her doctorate - she took her first job as notary in Rotthalmünster district of Passau in 2012 .
In 2016 she went on parental leave , followed by the move to Regensburg .
Since then she has taken over representation services in various notary positions
When the job in Eggenfelden was advertised because of the approaching retirement of Lutz Feller , she saw the right time for full professional re-entry , explains the 39-year-old
The team predecessor , who takes over the holiday representation in the , has taken over Dr. Stefanie Kramer completely and immediately has a praise for the team of the law firm ready : &quot; It goes super well ! &quot;
The fact that you can rely on well-rehearsed processes makes it easier to take care of the upcoming relocation of the private centre of life .
In terms of kindergarten or crib places , it already has local facilities .
And if everything works out , she hopes to be able to pursue her hobby here soon - and to get to know the most beautiful jogging routes of the Rottal .
planned to with a maximum of 15,000 spectators
Dortmund The largest German football stadium in Dortmund will not even be filled at the start of the season in case of a fan return .
&quot; Due to the distance control , which must be adhered to , we plan to stand up to 12,000 , &quot; said Borussia Dortmund &apos;s Carsten Cramer &quot; Tagesspiegel &quot; .
Normally , the arena of the district city holds a little more than 81,000 spectators at Bundesliga matches .
In the Ghost Games season caused by the Corona pandemic , BVB lost four million per game .
The cramer responsible for , digitization and internationalization at BVB hopes that , in addition to the normal spectator seats , some of the approximately 4,000 in the hospitality area will be opened again : &quot; It is , of course , a blow to the office when revenues completely break away &quot; .
In view of the ongoing Corona crisis , everyone is currently &quot; well advised to take a stable page length &quot; .
&quot; If companies are not doing well and 6.8 people in Germany alone are in short-time work , then the need is limited to entertainment &quot; , Cramer .
He praised the BVB professionals for their partial salary waiver , which should contribute to the crisis : &quot; Of course , they know that their salary waiver has a different effect than we 100 people who work in merchandising rely on short-time work &quot; .
Tiny wonders : in with a few hundred
Hardly heavier than a packerl of butter , just a tablespoon of blood in his entire body : that was Gabriel when he was born - he weighed exactly 273 grams .
Bub is one of about 400 premature babies who are cared for at the Graz .
A quarter of them weigh less than grams , one - like Gabriel and his brothers and Michael - are extreme lightweight with once a birth weight .
They are so small and born that neither lungs , intestines , nor muscles are complete .
Their skin is sometimes so delicate that they could hurt the electrodes of an ECG .
And are tiny that they sometimes wear doll clothing and specially made mini diapers for them .
But not so small that there would not be voice - &quot; and how &quot; , smiles Berndt Urlesberger
&quot; Even if , of course , they don &apos;t scream so loudly big &quot; .
When the whiteboard stage becomes
Despite theatres in the classroom : shortly before the start of the holiday , the 9th grade of the St. James Gymnasium in Abtsgmünd experienced this as a stage .
Actress Sylvester from the Theater der Stadt Aalen presented the students with the &quot; Das Heimatkleid &quot; - via video .
Afterwards , the students were able to exchange about the play and the song with the actress and the Winfried .
The idea for the performance format from current Corona situation was born .
Teacher Teresa Nar was happy about the teaching .
if in the end all participants agreed that the direct encounter in the theatre and stage space would still offer stimuli , the theater also sees the potential for contact in the schools .
&quot; If we continue to improve the technical framework , which will be an interesting addition to the game operation , &quot; emphasized director Winfried Tobias .
First round drawn : TSV would face Eintracht in the DFB Cup
the TSV 1860 qualify for the DFB-Pokal , meet Löwen in the first round Eintracht Frankfurt .
revealed the draw .
Munich - Sixty possible opponents in the first DFB Cup .
The lions of a qualification meet Eintracht Frankfurt .
This resulted in the draw on Sunday evening at the ARD sports show .
Because the field of participants is not yet complete due to the corona pandemic , placeholders came to the draw .
Due to the voluntary abandonment of semi-final opponents Memmingen , TSV 1860 is already in the final of Bavarian ( 4 or 5 September ) .
There the lions meet either the Würzburg kickers or Viktoria Aschaffenburg .
Should second-division runner-up Würzburg achieve this , sixty would already be qualified for the first round .
Otherwise , the Giesinger would have to prevail in the final against Regionalligist Aschaffenburg .
The round of the DFB Cup will take place between 11 and 14 September , one week before the start of the third division
&quot; Gone &quot; : film legend Olivia de Havilland is dead
Film legend and Oscar winner Olivia de Havilland is dead .
She died a natural death on Sunday in Paris at the age of 104 , confirmed her spokeswoman for the German Press Agency .
Her role as Melanie Hamilton in &quot; Gone with the Wind &quot; ( ) was well known .
As a child of British parents in Tokyo , Olivia Havilland moved to California as a toddler
The Austrian theatre man Max Reinhardt discovered the role of Hermia Shakespeare &apos;s Midsummer Night &apos;s Dream &quot; .
The film studio Warner Brothers signed her for seven and brought her out big alongside Eroll .
She made films with Heartbreakers .
In 1946 she won her first Oscar in the lead role of &quot; To His Own &quot; .
The film was screened under the &quot; Mother &apos;s Heart &quot; .
Three years later , the award came as the best actress in William Wyler &apos;s &quot; The Heiress &quot; .
She was also recognized as a neurotic eccentric in &quot; The Dark Mirror and &quot; .
Daphne du Maurier suggested her in 1952 for leading role in the film adaptation of her novel &quot; Cousin Rachel &quot; .
The play was a success .
With longtime girlfriend Bette Davis she played in &quot; Wiegenlied für eine Leiche &quot; .
His marriage to the writer Marcus Goodrich ( 1946 – 1953 ) produced his son Benjamin .
In Paris , de Havilland married journalist Pierre Paul Galante and had his daughter Gisèle with him .
Marriage broke up .
Rumors of an affair with former British Prime Minister Edward Heath were never confirmed .
&quot; Road to Timmendorf &quot; : Beach volleyball : Thole / Wickler Finale at Comeback
The World Cup second Julius Thole and Clemens Wickler missed the final at the beach volleyball tournament &quot; Road to Timmendorf &quot; .
At the meeting of the top teams in Düsseldorf they lost in the semifinals to their national team colleagues Nils Ehlers and Flüggen with : 2 ( 17 : 21 , : 17 , 21 ) .
Thole / Wickler last played at the World Tour Final in Rome in September .
In the final on the Rhine , their conquerors / wings surprise team Lukas Pfretschner and his interim partner van de Velde won a defeat with 2 ( 17 : 21 17 : 21 ) .
In addition to the show tournament three played for the German championships at the beginning of September in Timmendorfer Strand : Armin Dollinger / Simon Kulzer , Manuel Harms / Richard Peemüller and Simon Pfretschner / Milan Sievers secured the tickets
Kalbitz ejection from AfD confirmed - FDP speaks of fig leaf
Exclusion of Andreas Kalbitz from the AfD is from the point of view of the FDP only a &quot; fig leaf &quot; and does not change the character of the party .
&quot; The AfD is the parliamentary arm of the right-wing extremists in Germany .
Kalbitz is only part of the iceberg of the radicals in the AfD , &quot; said FDP internal politician Benjamin Strasser of the dpa in Berlin .
the AfD had confirmed on Saturday in Stuttgart after several hours of trial the exclusion Kalbitz , which the majority of the federal board had decided in May .
is chairman of the AfD parliamentary group in the Brandenburg Landtag .
&quot; If the AfD really wanted to consistently oust right-wing extremists from its party , Björn Höcke and his long since been excluded , &quot; Strasser .
However , there is no political will for this in the AfD , because right-wing extremism has become a party . &quot;
CSU General Secretary Markus Blume said similarly : &quot; The fact that Andreas Kalbitz is now excluded does not change anything , &quot; he told the &quot; Welt am Sonntag &quot; .
&quot; Rather , there are volumes about how many frenetic supporters a right-wing extremist still has in the middle of the AfD &quot; .
Blume assumes that the AfD will again land below five percent in elections in the future .
The days of the AfD in the parliaments are numbered &quot; .
Kalbitz was one of the spokesmen of the now dissolved &quot; wing around the Thuringian AfD state group chairman Björn ; the Verfassungsschutz classifies the coronation as &quot; secured right-wing extremist aspiration &quot; .
In May the AfD federal board thrown Kalbitz out of the party .
He stated that Kalbitz had not indicated an earlier membership in the now banned far-right &quot; German Youth &quot; ( HDJ ) and among the Republicans .
Kalbitz denies the membership of the .
Also the chairman left faction in the Brandenburg Landtag Sebastian Walter , , the decision of the Federal Arbitration Court does not change the character AfD : &quot; The wolf has eaten only chalk .
The AfD remains a far-right party , whether with or without Kalbitz &quot; .
Neither the federal party nor the right wing would become with this decision .
&quot; the Meuthen-troop is .
One wants to escape further observation by the Verfassungsschutz and to get through under the radar , said Walter .
&quot; The AfD did not let go of the spirits it called .
The Brandenburg SPD General Secretary commented on the decision in the Kalbitz case .
&quot; Here the AfD state association held the faction to this day as its right-wing leader &quot; .
The legal dispute over Kalbitz &apos;s membership in the AfD will continue
He announced on Saturday that he would take action against those of the Federal Court of Arbitration .
North Sea wind farms provide a good 21 percent more electricity
In the first six months of the year , the wind power plants in Germany fed 11.51 terawatt hours of electricity into the grid .
This is a good 21 percent more than in the same period last year , the network operator said in Bayreuth
Tennet is responsible for transmitting the North Sea electricity to the mainland and forwarding it through the German electricity grid .
The wind turbines on the Baltic Sea , which do not belong to the Tennet grid area , have fed another 2.22 terawatt hours ( TWh electricity ) .
Overall , wind power from the North and Baltic Seas will reach 13.73 TWh , compared to a good 11.64 TWh in the first half of 2019 .
The wind harvest at sea thus accounts for almost 19 percent of the total wind current in Germany ; that is about four more than a year ago .
New wind farms ensure higher generation capacities
In addition to the wind conditions , the increased contribution of offshore wind energy from higher wind farms has been connected to the grid over the past twelve months .
If the 1270 wind power plants in the North Sea were all full of power at the same time , they could generate 6.7 electricity .
According to Tennet , the transmission capacity is sufficient for this ; it is 7.1 gigawatts .
It is expected to rise to 17 gigawatts in Germany .
&quot; In Germany and the Netherlands , we are investing up to 20 euros in expanding offshore grid connections , &quot; said Tennet Managing Director Meyerjürgens .
In reality , wind farms cannot reach capacity at sea , but reach 40 percent .
The record day so far this year is January 2 , when the North Sea wind farms generated more than six gigawatts of electricity .
On average , the approximately 2.5 to 3.0 gigawatts of electricity , which corresponds to three to four nuclear power plants .
This could generate almost seven million with electricity .
Art &quot; Skirmish &quot; - an exhibition by Leipzig artist Christian Bold in the gallery of the Gmünder Kunstverein .
This was almost a small anniversary celebration for the 130 .
Birthday of the Gmünder Kunstverein : The &quot; Skirmish &quot; with works by the Leipzig artist Bold blew up the usual frame after the Corona break .
Much more than usual followed that between artists and that of the Kunstverein , Dr. Ripper .
The musical equivalent was provided by the band &quot; Defenders of the Universe &quot; on southern Kornhausplatz .
North of the gallery is the &quot; Sandtogether &quot; .
: cancelled due to Corona
The Windberg Festival does not take place this year .
The city of Freital cancelled the three-day festival planned in September .
In other years , more than 30,000 people attended this city festival .
&quot; We have truly not made it easy for ourselves to make a decision - in the awareness of how difficult it is for the participants economically - hoped until the last minute &quot; , Lord Mayor Uwe Rumberg ( non-party ) .
But ultimately we as organizers are responsible for the health of many thousands of people &quot; .
If tens of thousands had flowed to the festival grounds and marquee , minimum distances , hygiene regulations could not have been followed by contact in accordance with the current corona protection regulation .
Or the restrictions would have been so strong that there would not have been much left for a folk festival .
Moreover , the effort to organise and monitor would increase disproportionately many times over .
Rumberg consoled for next year .
Then the city of Freital celebrates its 100th anniversary with the Winterberg Festival from 7 to 9 May 2021 and the Saxons from 10 to September 2021 .
Dressage Olympic champion Werth in Achleiten not to beat
Achleiten - six-time Olympic champion Isabell Werth was outstanding rider at the dressage tournament in Achleiten , Austria .
The 51-year-old from Rheinberg won four starts on the weekend .
After she had a Prix with Weihegold and Quantaz , she could not be beaten on Sunday in the Grand Prix Special and in the freestyle .
the 15-year-old mare Weihegold prevailed on Sunday Special against the Austrian Victoria Max-Theurer on Abegglen .
In the freestyle , too , the German was clearly ahead of her 34-year-old student on Quantaz .
Werth &apos;s winning horse Quantaz belongs to Max-Theurer .
The most successful dressage rider in the world is the ten-year-old in the Grand Prix .
For Quantaz it was the first freestyle ever .
Already at the first tournament in three weeks ago Werth had all important four competitions .
The last of the three international tournaments is planned for 14 to 16 August .
More air traffic controllers in Worms in the future
Worms University continues into the air : DFS Deutsche Flugsicherung is donating a professorship for &quot; Air Traffic Management &quot; .
A corresponding contract between the university and DFS has now been signed in Worms .
The contract was initially concluded for three years and will start in 2021 .
With the professorship , it is possible to start your studies not only in the summer semester , but also in the winter semester .
This means that twice as many students can be trained as before .
capacities in both DFS and DFS are utilised evenly .
DFS will advise the university on the establishment and appointment of the professorship .
Represented at the university since 2019
Since the summer semester 2019 the first frame of their training as air traffic controllers at Worms University of Applied Sciences in the study course Air Traffic Management .
Nine students already started this year
the experiences DFS are very positive , the achievements of the students are excellent .
The combination of study and pilot training makes a significant contribution to further increasing that of the pilot profession .
&quot; In these , it is not easy for us economically .
However , we firmly calculate that air traffic is recovering and growing again in the long term .
In order to be able to comply with our legal requirements in the future , we need a high degree , &quot; says Professor Klaus-Dieter Scheurle , Chairman Managing Director of DFS at the contract .
&quot; For DFS , the endowed professorship is an investment that will provide air traffic controllers with a broad , interdisciplinary knowledge base in the long term .
We therefore continue good cooperation with the university and at the same time underpin our attractiveness as an employer .
This is also underlined by Professor Dr. Jens Hermsdorf , President of Worms University of Applied Sciences : &quot; This forms an important bridge between science and .
We would like to build on the existing cooperation with DFS Deutsche Flugsicherung as a practical partner for dual bachelor &apos;s degree programme in Air Traffic Management . &quot;
The trust of Deutsche Flugsicherung is the motivation and obligation for Worms University of Applied Sciences to further develop its teaching and research competence in the future fields of aviation .
In use for the air traffic controllers of tomorrow university with the first endowed professorship dual course of study set very special highlights innovative focuses for students .
Dr. Denis , Ministry of Science , Continuing Education and Culture , emphasises that Worms University of Applied Sciences has a unique selling point in Rhineland-Palatinate .
Today &apos;s signing of the cooperation agreement strengthens the profile of the university .
Rescue screwdriver lands on the A 45
The A 45 motorway was fully closed for about 30 minutes on Saturday afternoon towards Aschaffenburg , as one of the rescue helicopters was in operation .
A 76-year-old drove straight ahead of a Ford at 12.40 p.m. at the exit of the bend and landed at the guardrail .
Due to the impact , the front airbags triggered , the driver suffered minor injuries on the face and had to be taken to a hospital for treatment .
The 72-year-old were treated as an emergency doctor and the patient was flown to a hospital .
At present , however , the police assume that there is a danger of death .
The damaged vehicle , on which one of about 2000 euros had to be created .
Heil nach Fleischindustrie
This brought the conditions in the meat industry to light again .
Tightening of the law is imminent
But are they right - and will it stick to it ?
Federal Minister of Labour Hubertus ( SPD wants to check industries according to the strict regulations against grievances in the meat industry .
&quot; will look at us industry for industry and suitable measures for the respective industry , if necessary &quot; , Heil der Deutschen in Berlin .
Germany is already warning against restricting contracts for works in general .
After the Corona outbreak at the meat giant Tönnies in , the Federal Cabinet wants to pass a law of salvation this Wednesday .
Large slaughterhouses should no longer be allowed to employ foreign personnel in slaughter , dismantling and meat processing .
For this purpose , the use of work contract and temporary workers is to be banned there .
Employer President Kramer said : &quot; Get away from a general and temporary employment if you want to strangle the economy completely &quot; .
Work contracts are , for example , the basis for wide areas of craftsmanship , the construction industry and plant construction .
&quot; The failures of individuals cannot destroy such an important instrument &quot; .
insured : The aim is not to ban everywhere in the German economy &quot; .
Work contracts make sense .
When an industrial company instructs a craftsman to install a safety system , this is a normal work contract . &quot;
The German meat industry considers a ban by and alone in its unconstitutional
it cannot be explained why different labour law should apply to the packaging and packaging of cheese in the future than to sausage , according to a statement on how the &quot; Neue Osnabrücker Zeitung ( ) reports .
With one , therefore , the consumer price would be 10 to 20 percent kilos and
Often Eastern European from factory contractors in the according to the results of a NRW occupational health and safety administration partly 16 hours a day .
they had no break .
Wage was withheld for protective equipment or rent .
It was also noted that the situation when housing workers was often miserable .
Heil said that a sharp law had already entered into force for the meat industry in 2017 .
&quot; tricky constructions &quot; were bypassed .
&quot; must be fundamentally cleaned up &quot; .
The politician : &quot; Occupational health and safety law , which wants to be passed at the end of July , are those that not only affect the meat industry - for example , higher test rates in occupational safety and health or clear criteria for community accommodation &quot; .
The draft before the dpa includes amendments to the law on securing workers &apos; rights in the meat industry and the Occupational Safety and Health Act .
Brandenburg &apos;s Consumer Protection Minister Ursula Nonnemacher ( ) considers more intensive controls .
&quot; I would like us to be able to carry out even more controls in many supervisory areas : food controls , animal welfare , everything possible , animal transport , &quot; said Nonnemacher am in the RBB programme &quot; Brandenburg aktuell &quot; .
But more controls also require staff positions
Three dead in ultralight crash in Germany
According to the police , three people died in the crash of an ultralight aircraft on an apartment building in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia .
A child was slightly injured .
Two more people were rescued injured in the accident , one of the Wesel .
According to the police , a parachute was found at the scene of the accident .
The &quot; Rheinische Post &quot; reported appeal to eyewitnesses that this had collided with a hot air balloon before a crash .
The house is a single-family or two-family house .
Further details were not known .
run peacefully from Frankfurter Opernplatz
One week after the in Frankfurt also the evacuation of the at night Sunday peaceful
Finally , a few dozen on the square , him before the start of the curfew at 1 o &apos;clock .
Police have been deployed with numerous since the early evening , and a larger police force has been seen throughout the city .
For the first time this weekend from midnight there was a ban on entry to the Opera Square , where it was a riot every week .
Policemen had been attacked out with bottles from the crowd of celebrants .
At least five officers were injured after police submissions , several police vehicles were damaged .
The night was also quiet .
Car flips over : Young woman seriously injured in accident on federal highway 83 at Hofgeismar
In an accident between Schöneberg and Hümme , a 21-year-old suffered serious injuries on Sunday at around 1.25 p.m .
She was taken to the Klinikum Kassel .
With thermal imaging cameras , the fire brigade sought potential passengers .
According to the police , the woman was on the road on the 83 towards her place of residence Hümme , when her car got away from it unexplained and flipped over several times .
In order to save the victims , the fire brigade had to cut the roof .
Since it was unclear whether there was still in the vehicle , the adjacent corn field was searched from the turntable ladder with a thermal imaging camera .
The drone squadron , which also works with thermal imaging cameras , had also been ordered for the search for people .
However , the emergency services found no one between the tall maize plants .
The seriously injured man was taken to the Kassel clinic for further care with the ambulance .
50 firefighters Hofgeismar , Hümme and were on site .
The main road was closed for hours due to the accident
Juventus Turin Champion in Italy
Turin - After a redeeming goal by Cristiano Ronaldo , record champion Juventus secured the Italian championship for the ninth time in a row .
The five-time world footballer made the 36th Scudetto of the club &apos;s history perfect with a 2-0 ( 1-0 ) on Sunday evening in the home game Sampdoria Genoa .
Ronaldo scored 1-0 before half time .
With 83 points , Turin , without the last long-injured former international Sami Khedira , is to displace the end of the season of Serie A more from first place .
Inter Milan finished seventh .
Juventus was harmless despite optical superiority in the first half then Ronaldo hit after a free kick variant of the last action .
One of the 35-year-old exploited the penalty area border with one ( 45th + 7th .
Ronaldo was also involved in 2-0 against the more offensive guests , after his shot Federico Bernardeschi dusted ( 67th ) off .
This ensured the lackluster but decisive success .
The foulelfmeter shot at the bar in the 89th minute should have been chosen by only Ronaldo himself with regard to the scoreboard classification .
&quot; It &apos;s complicated to stay mentally and physically at ball level for 90 minutes .
The games are strange , and the momentum changes very easily , &quot; coach Maurizio explained after the 1-2 at Udinese Calcio am .
Before the mental exhaustion of his was great , said the Juve coach
Due to the defeat , the Turin team could still finish the championship perfectly .
In the end , Juve owed the reassuring lead at the top of the standings above all to the weakness of the competitors .
In the eleven games before the match on Sunday , the Sarri-team were only five victories .
Whether Ronaldo will also become the top scorer is questionable .
While the Portuguese superstar has scored 31 goals so far , the former Dortmund Ciro Immobile has already 34 on his account after his three-pack in the 5 : 1 ( 1 : 1 ) of the fourth Lazio Rome at Hellas Verona - just as Lewandowski contributed title wins of FC Bayern .
It is held by Juve pro Gonzalo Higuaín .
The Argentine scored 36 goals in the 2015 – 2016 season for SSC Naples .
In August on &quot; Old Lady &quot; of Italian football the next title chance .
Juventus will face Olympique Lyon 0 – 1 in the Champions League round of 16 on 7 August to reach the final tournament in Lisbon .
In the next would wait Real Madrid or Manchester City opponents .
Baden-Württemberg : Over 250 illegal records
Stuttgart - All threatened penalties and to give drivers gas in countless illegal races on the Baden-Württemberg roads : Last year , the first four months of this year , the police have already registered more than 250 illegal car races in the southwest .
Comparative values for these do not exist , but the speedsters are increasingly doing work for judicial authorities : the prosecutors Konstanz and Mannheim were conducted a total of 155 investigations in the year for illegal races , one year later it was already 252 and in the current year until early June already 151 .
The races are less about organized events , as can be seen from the response of the Ministry of the Interior to a request of the Landtag SPD .
In most cases , the drivers competed against each other or they had fled from the police , which is also called an illegal race .
German men between the ages of 18 and 60 sat at the wheel .
113 fines - imprisonment
in comparatively few cases , the speedsters are caught and also asked to pay : According to the Ministry of the Interior , a total of 113 were imposed since 2018 and 15 prison sentences were pronounced .
However , there is no evidence that the illegal car races are actually rising .
Rather , because of the many tragic accidents and processes of past years more sensitive than before and indicated , said a ministerial spokesman .
Especially popular with racers is the highway 8 . Again and again motorists brake the traffic there to get themselves and use the free track for a race .
Last August , a dozen drivers were caught near Kirchheim unter Teck , three months earlier there were even 18 riders on the Merklingen .
A81 is most popular &quot; race track &quot;
On the A81 , even more races than other motorways are registered .
With a speed limit , an attempt is made to slow down the speedsters on the particularly affected section between Engen and Geisingen .
The mostly high-priced and pimped up sports and luxury cars often have Swiss license plates , drivers dodge to the lawn to Germany because of the high penalties for too fast driving and car racing in the neighboring country
For the SPD , the speed limit must not be reduced to a few distances : &quot; With a general speed limit of kilometers per hour , we would get rid of this problem of motorways , &quot; says Martin Rivoir of the transport experts SPD parliamentary group
&quot; For Raser , this would be significantly higher if you were not allowed to travel here and there legally with kilometers per hour and more &quot; .
Rivoir considers less of enlightenment or image campaigns : &quot; Whoever disregards everyone in such a way and puts his own , but also that of other road users on , hardly achieves with reason &quot; .
ADAC calls for greater penetration of the
On the other hand , this is not enough for the ADAC : &quot; We assume that Raser will deter the speed limits , &quot; says Holger Bach , Head of Transport and Environment at ADAC Württemberg
It provides additional and also harder controls on the affected routes
Not infrequently , the high-speed showdown of painful and momentous seriousness becomes : January 2019 to April 2020 , three people died nationwide in the races , including two uninvolved in a crash in Stuttgart city centre and one in Gerlingen .
two young men are said to have competed in a car race in November .
One of the vehicles came off the road , crashed against one and stopped , the 18-year-old passenger died .
21 more people have been injured in the races of the past two years .
According to Interior Minister Thomas , however , stricter penalties are not necessary : &quot; Legislative action is not seen in order to sanction illegal motor vehicle races harder , &quot; says the paper of the Ministry of the Interior .
Blue light of July 23 : Thirsty burglar steals drinks
Rohrdorf : A man broke into a snack on Thursday in Rohrdorf ( Calw district ) and stole drinks and drinks .
A witness heard noises around the clock in Talstraße running towards the snack bar .
There he noticed a man sitting at the fridge with drinks and the snack then through a previously hammered entrance door .
The perpetrator fled towards the meadows behind .
According to the police , the burglar also made use of cash and stole cash in the low three-digit range .
The suspect is described as follows : is about 1.75 to 1.80 meters tall and of strong stature .
he wore a black hoodie , black trousers and light shoes .
The police receive further testimonies .
sprints to get on at Sibiu Tour
Professional cyclist Pascal Ackermann won his second victory of the day at the final stage of the 10th Sibiu .
The 26-year-old from Bora-hansgrohe prevailed on the 109 kilometer long with start and finish in Sibiu in the mass sprint , he had already won on one stage .
It the three and four Ackermann .
In the overall classification , his Austrian team mate Gregor Mühlberger prevailed .
The 26-year-old had confidently won the mountain time trial in the morning and thus took the lead in the classification .
104 drivers had entered the final stage in the evening .
No less than starters had fallen victim to the time limit in the mountain time trial .
&quot; I really happy to start the season restart a victory , &quot; had explained after his success on .
&quot; The sprint was really hectic , &quot; said the 26-year-old
300 meters of the finish just put on his &quot; and it also worked perfectly &quot; .
According to the rules of the UCI World Federation , a corona test was carried out on all race participants and their companions six days before the start of the race .
of the entire tour , drivers and in isolated hygiene bubbles were separated from the organizing team and the media
Viewers at the start and finish were not allowed .
Control center gave instruction on lay resuscitation
Düsseldorf Tragic accident on Sunday afternoon in Düsseldorf-Garath .
an apartment building had a child ( 4 ) bathing lifeless in the water .
According to the fire brigade , the emergency call went at just before 1 pm
&quot; immediately gave instructions for amateur resuscitation , said a fire brigade spokesman to IMAGE .
The incoming rescue workers took over later .
The child was transported to the university clinic .
Why it crashed is unclear .
The police have routinely started investigating the accident .
The fire brigade spokesman : &quot; We assume tragic accidents in the apartment &quot; .
Nuremberg : Unapproved - police intervene , 700 vehicles and around 1100 people
Hundreds of cars and temporarily over 1000 people took part in a tuning meeting on Saturday night &quot; in the parking lot of a furniture store .
The police implemented their control of such events .
A large tuning meeting took place on Saturday evening ( 25 July ) in Südstadt .
Several hundred vehicles were involved .
According to the police in Middle Franconia , at around 10.30 p.m. Nuremberg found an increased number of vehicles in the area of one on Ingolstädter Straße .
the police carried out a large number of vehicle controls there
Only recently , the police had announced that they wanted to proceed more intensively with so-called autopossans .
Illegal tuning meeting in Nuremberg : Only a small part from the &quot; scene &quot;
The officials counted at the top a good 700 vehicles and about 1100 people .
Only a small part of this can be attributed to the &quot; autoposer &quot; and tuning scene .
Apparently , most of the relevant scene followed the appeal police .
Based on the vehicles and people on site , it can be assumed that these were mainly onlookers .
In addition , the majority of those present adhered to the applicable infection protection regulations , compliance with the minimum distance and wearing word-of-mouth protection .
The on-site control measures were completed around 1 : 00 a.m .
In total , the officials found such structural changes in 10 vehicles that the operating permit had expired .
Four of these vehicles had to be secured .
No car races
There were no illegal car races .
&quot; The police headquarters in Middle Franconia will keep an eye on what is happening and will continue to carry out increased control measures , also in connection with the emergence of onlookers , &quot; said .
News5 spoke to Jürgen Schrödinger about the towing company involved : &quot; We must not have them all beautiful , according to Schrödinger .
Special tapes would be used for this purpose .
Even the cars are wider , the company must take care not to make any .
&quot; Boys should get their cars back unscathed .
Figures Employment Agency : 900 suspected cases of abuse in short-time work
Berlin - The Federal Employment Agency BA ) investigates about 900 suspected cases of abuse of short-time work allowance .
&quot; This is extremely little for more than 880,000 companies that have displayed short-time work , &quot; said Daniel Terzenbach , Member of the Executive Board responsible for operations at &quot; Allgemeine Zeitung &quot;
When many companies had short-time work at the beginning of the Corona crisis , BA had to react quickly .
Usually the exam lasts three weeks .
&quot; So time was available to us in this hot phase .
All the way we will look at final accounts .
There will certainly be some more .
We are not naive and have a long breath . &quot;
Evidence of abuse would often come from affected employees or trade unions .
In addition , the BA uses analysis software to detect abuse patterns .
According to Terzenbach , the BA is preparing for a possible wave of insolvency in autumn .
&quot; Will there be significantly more insolvencies than in the previous year ?
The assessments differ , but we arm ourselves in the event of a case and are already training our employees in the case of processing applications . &quot;
The figures are still inconspicuous , said Terzenbach .
World Heritage in Potsdam : Party dissolved in the New Garden
Potsdam - On Friday evening about 40 young people celebrated a party in the New Garden .
The collection was dissolved at the clock by the Prussian Palaces and Gardens Foundation ( SPSG ) , according to the foundation on PNN request .
They left the park .
On Saturday evening , some young people would have played rugby in the New Garden .
The meadow was cleared by territorial drivers , said SPSG spokesman Frank on Sunday
Again and again there are illegal in the parks
In the foundation , there are always accumulations in which the distance and hygiene rules COVID-19 contact regulation are not complied with .
At the end of June there was a celebration with people in the park Babelsberg , a week later about people celebrated in the New Garden .
Even without a corona arrangement , the parks are closed at nightfall .
According to the park regulations , storage on the meadows is prohibited , there are only a few exceptions .
The foundation has been complaining for some time that visitors would always leave garbage behind and destroy protected biotopes .
Meanwhile , illegal park parties have a dimension in Berlin .
In the Hasenheide in the district of Neukölln , 5000 people celebrated an illegal techno party on the night of Sunday
The event was dissolved by the police .
Austria : Mass tests in tourist resort
With hundreds of authorities have responded to a popular Wolfgang
The number of confirmed cases increased 48 as did the state authorities in Linz .
More than results were pending in the evening .
Accordingly , many of the young are tested positive in tourism companies , but also at least one holiday guest .
Residents guests and tourism staff were asked to stay in their Saturday night .
The curfew was set clock .
&quot; There are cancellations and cancellations of bookings there and there , said the head of the tourism association , Hans Wieser , the dpa .
They also left prematurely .
St. Wolfgang is the most important tourist resort in Upper Austria , with more than 400,000 overnight stays per year .
In a normal one third of the guests are German
On Friday , the first infections became public .
The head of the district authority , Alois Lanz , defended on Saturday the behavior of the interns who had celebrated in several and might have got infected there .
&quot; We all did that in our youth , &quot; he said .
However , two bars were closed on Friday to prevent further infections .
The Tourist Board launched an information campaign to raise young employees &apos; awareness of the dangers of COVID-19 .
From Saturday , hundreds of employees , locals , were tested .
In addition , all guests who were in St. Wolfgang from July were contacted .
The outbreak evokes memories of the Austrian ski and party town of Ischgl in Tyrol , which was a centre of Corona spread throughout Europe in the initial phase .
In total , more than 1500 people in Austria are currently infected with the virus .
with the new infections are Vienna and
Premier League : Man United and Chelsea qualified for Champions League
( dpa ) - English football record champion Manchester United returns to the Champions League after a year of absence .
Red Devils secured third place in the Premier League with a 2 0 – 0 win over direct rival Leicester City .
The Foxes have to settle for the Europa League because the FC still passed by and qualified as fourth also premier class .
In the fight against the descent , Aston Villa was allowed to cheer .
Manchester took the lead with a penalty kick Bruno ( 71st minute ) .
a red card for Leicester City in extra time hit Lingard ( 90 + 8 ) to the final score .
Chelsea , Champions League round of 16 opponents of FC Bayern won thanks to Mason Mount + 1 ) and Olivier ( 45 . + 4 ) parallel with 2 : 0 ( 2 : 0 against Wolverhampton Wanderers .
“ That told me a lot coach Frank , who in his first season as Chelsea coach also final of the FA Cup against Arsenal .
Tottenham Hotspur also benefited from victory over Wolverhampton , passing the Wolves with a meagre 1-1 ( 1-0 ) Crystal Palace and finishing sixth in the Europa League .
Aston Villa decided the long-distance duel with Watford to Bournemouth , but had to tremble at West Ham United for a long time for class preservation .
The late leadership of Jack Grealish ( 84 . Andrey Yarmolenko ( 85 . ) immediately compensated .
But the 1 : 1 ( 0 : ) was enough , because Watford with 2 : 3 ( 1 : 3 ) at Arsenal
The club , which shot three coaches in the season , is relegated after five first-division years .
Exactly Bournemouth , who could not save himself by a 3 : 1 ( 2 : 1 ) on Everton .
At the end a point
Liverpool , who has been English champion since the end of June , secured a 3-1 ( 1-1 ) win at Newcastle United .
99 counters are the value the Reds have ever achieved in one .
Coach Jürgen Klopp and his team narrowly missed the points record football
Manchester City holds the best mark with 100 points of the 2017 / 18 season .
After the first minute Virgil van Dijk ( 38th ) , Divock Origi ( 59th ) and Sadio Mané ( 89th ) filmed the match on Sunday for Liverpool .
&quot; It was an extraordinary season for this wonderful club , &quot; said van Dijk after the game , &quot; which should inspire us to defend the title .
It will be difficult &quot; .
In the end , the Premier League bosses should also be satisfied .
the Coronavirus crisis was interrupted in England from 13 to 17 June .
In the meantime , even an early abortion or a holding of the remaining games on the ground was discussed .
Finally , the season could be played without a special end - but as in Germany without spectators in the stadiums .
Arrests and violence at demonstrations against Netanyahu
The protests in Israel against Prime Minister Netanyahu are becoming more violent .
During the night there were violent clashes .
The Israeli police took action in Jerusalem at night Sunday against participants of one against Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu .
Twelve people were arrested for participating in riots , police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said .
The police put other water cannon , the rally .
A total of about 6,000 people gathered near Netanyahu &apos;s official residence on Saturday evening .
They protested against corruption and Netanyahu &apos;s handling of the Corona crisis .
The protesters beat drums , horns , and called on Netanyahu to resign .
One who supported Netanyahu was arrested , the news page reported , &quot; ynet . &quot;
Many other places in Israel also demonstrated people , including in front of the Prime Minister &apos;s private villa in the coastal city of Caesarea and in a park in Tel Aviv .
A man after being arrested near Tel Aviv is suspected of spraying pepper spray on protesters in a moving car .
A man was arrested after a stabbing attack on a demonstrator in the south of the .
The protester was slightly injured in the neck .
In Jerusalem and Tel there have recently been several demonstrations against Netanyahu .
The rallies accompany the corruption process against the .
Netanyahu was also criticized for handling the Corona crisis .
Among other things , he is accused of premature relaxation and a lack of a second corona wave .
The Corona crisis has hit the country ’ s economy hard .
The unemployment rate was more than 20 percent .
The number of new infections of the coronavirus in Israel recently rose to ever new record levels .
Accident at Ahlen ( NRW ) - Transporter crashes on car - nine injured - Ruhrgebiet - Bild.de
Ahlen - A rear-end collision on Saturday afternoon on the B58 near Ahlen caused nine minor injuries .
A motorist was traveling with her children ( 3 , 5 ) towards Beckum .
Police &quot; Probably she suddenly braked because she wanted to turn off &quot; .
The driver of a Mercedes transporter who drove behind her must have seen this too late .
He crashed on the back of the car
Three occupants were injured in the car and six in the transporter .
Several ambulances take her to an surrounding hospital .
North Korea closes border town after Corona suspected case
North Korea has so far seen bright success in its own measures to ward off the coronavirus .
Now the country is reporting on one for the first time .
Due to the first official Corona suspicion in the country , North Korea has completely sealed off large cities for fear of a catastrophe .
Despite the strictest epidemiological defenses in the past six months , &quot; the malicious virus may have been introduced into the country , &quot; the state media .
The state of emergency was imposed on the border town of Kaesong .
The communist leadership is the highest .
Should the suspicion be confirmed , it would be the first official infection case with Sars-CoV-2 in the isolated country .
North Korea had not yet registered a single infection and described its defenses as a &quot; luminous success &quot; .
The information was doubted abroad .
The symptoms of the disease were reportedly found in a &quot; &quot; that crossed the military demarcation line between South North Korea on 19 July .
The person left for South Korea three years ago and the border returned .
There was initially no confirmation from South Korea for crossing the border within the four-kilometre wide and largely mined military buffer zone .
According to reports by the national news agency Yonhap , South Korea &apos;s military acknowledged the possibility of an illegal border crossing to North Korea as high .
There are studies on some people
North Korea &apos;s own statements on Saturday on suspicion of an emergency meeting of the Labour Party &apos;s Politburo chaired by leader Kim Jong Un .
The &quot; dangerous situation in Kaesong could trigger a deadly and destructive catastrophe .
Kim had already ordered on Friday as a preventive measure to &quot; completely isolate Kaesong to and every district and region from others &quot; , it continued .
The affected person and all the people in Kaesong who had contact with him were quarantined .
The central party should therefore investigate the &quot; outbreak &quot; as well as the behaviour of the responsible military unit and , if necessary , impose severe punishment .
Approximately 300,000 people live in .
before Council meeting City-Ost and noise protection are still under discussion before summer break
&quot; In addition to environmental issues , committee members will also vote on the development plan for the major project Innenstadtentwicklung-Ost , &quot; says the central part of the municipal press release on the municipal council meeting on Tuesday , 28 July , at 4.30 p.m. in the Great Hall of the Pforzheim .
Especially the eastern city until the end controversially discussed .
The majorities for this are scarce , most recently in individual ones even depending on the presence .
Project opponent Reinhard Klein criticized an appeal from the economy ( construction of real estate , trade and IT ) , not to let the project developed by the citizenry and then by the administration and the municipal council fail after almost ten years of preparation , as &quot; extra-parliamentary opposition &quot; , &quot; speculation &quot; , &quot; denigration and &quot; deliberate false statements &quot; .
&quot; Everyone to know it &quot; , says , who has been a member of the municipal council for a year as the only representative of the citizens &apos; list Pforzheim .
In fact , according to the treaties , &quot; I know what I &apos;m talking about &quot; .
Contrary to statements by the city administration , Klein is convinced of its existence for 8.5 million euros .
This will develop differently than in the town hall and on the part of the supporters from the economy .
Designing the city &apos;s own power and not an investor : His plan B. One day after Klein , FDP / FW / UB / LED faction , which also rejects the project , presented an alternative concept .
It also provides for the renovation of the town hall , the keeping open of the , the rental of the ex-valley for administrative areas and a small-scale city redesign ideally with local carriers
Environmental issues play central
In addition , environmental issues will play a central role .
Among other things , the local council will vote on the noise action plan .
This includes various measures to protect the population from health noise pollution caused by road traffic , including frequent speed reductions .
In a press release , the local transport club Germany welcomes the widespread introduction of Tempo 30 . Those responsible in the city are not innocent of the fact that this must come because they have only contributed to massive car traffic and noise by neglecting regular bus traffic with thinned bars and by little for cycling , according to the VCD .
The municipal council also votes on the participation of the city of Energie- und Klimaschutzagentur Pforzheim / Enzkreis
In addition , the agenda includes accession to the state &apos;s climate protection pact , the redefinition of parental contributions in the municipal day-care centres and the application for admission to the federal smart city funding .
Citizens are welcome , but must heed Corona protection measures .
Tim Zimmermann starts the new season with a lot of delay
Tim Zimmermann will start his inaugural season ADAC GT Masters on 31 July with a delay of half a year .
Before the league of supercars could start regular operation , the first test drives were due .
Zimmermann was primarily interested in getting to know his Lamborghini Huracan GT3 better .
The Corona crisis has long prevented Zimmermann from embarking on his first voyage in the new Lamborghini Grasser .
special this was now possible .
The 23-year-old Langenargener shot his first on the Lausitzring and was able to get used to the premiere in the GT3 car .
&quot; There are already a few things that are different from the Porsche , &quot; says Zimmermann .
With ABS , for example , you have to go differently the curves
But it was really fun &quot; .
Zimmermann also had fun with Steijn , with whom he will share his orange sports car in the GT Masters .
Despite his only 25 years , the Dutchman is already experienced in GT sports and was able to help his team-mate many things .
&quot; Not a beginner in motorsport , but every new series also brings new challenges &quot; , Zimmermann .
&quot; Steijn and I understand each other dazzling and we have also made enormous progress from session to session at the Lausitzring &quot; .
Exactly there - at the Lausitzring - the GT Masters will also host its first race .
From July , the 33 supercars will race through Lusatia .
Zimmermann , who is one of 15 newcomers to series production , knows the track .
2015 was last in the Motodrom .
&quot; It worked quickly I didn &apos;t have to get used to the track , &quot; says Zimmermann , who starts for the Friedrichshafen racing community Graf Zeppelin .
&quot; Lausitzring has many fast passages that you have to hit optimally to be fast &quot; .
As it really is , it turns out in two weeks .
&quot; Of course , the teams play poker a little , &quot; he says .
&quot; In the end , however , they are very much looking forward to the first weekend at Lausitzring &quot; .
Race in Brandenburg to be the prelude to a crowded calendar .
Seven races are scheduled until the beginning of November .
At the moment it is that no spectators will be admitted - but gives a prominent guest .
August at the Nürburgring former Formula 1 driver Niko Hülkenberg will enter the GT steering wheel .
Transport Minister caught cold by quarantine decision
According to press reports , the decision of the British government to put Spain holidaymakers under shelter for weeks after their return caught the country &apos;s transport minister cold .
According to this , Grant Shapps is currently on holiday , while his colleagues at home decided on Saturday .
Due to the resurgence of Corona figures , the cabinet in London removed land from the list of those from whom quarantine requirements are possible .
The new scheme will apply from today , Sunday , so Shapps will also have to quarantine after his return .
In Austria , government has also imposed quarantine measures for returnees .
But the regulation applies to those who are just on holiday , only from 1 August , and was not introduced overnight .
In Austria , by the way , Spain is still considered one of the &quot; safe countries &quot; for which no quarantine Austria is required .
&quot; Ministers knew in advance that there is a possibility that a quarantine will be imposed on holidaymakers Spain , commented Labour MP Diane Abbot
&quot; But apparently nobody bothered to tell Grant Shapps &quot; .
Less than a month after the end of the Corona emergency in Spain and the expiry of the curfew , the number of infections in the country is rising again .
Virologists are primarily responsible for the new spread of the nightlife .
Spain is one of the favourite holiday countries of the British .
The British government is currently advising against unnecessary travel to Spanish , with the exception of particularly popular Canary Islands and Balearic Islands among British holidaymakers .
To date , more than 272,000 infections with the novel coronavirus and more than 28,000 deaths have been registered in Spain .
Russia : Marine Day announces hypersonic weapons for warships
Russian President Vladimir Putin has announced to his country on Marine Day that the warships will be equipped with the most modern hypersonic weapons .
With these weapons , which are unique in the world , the fighting possibilities of the Russian naval forces would be expanded , on Sunday in St. Petersburg at the central naval parade .
According to the Ministry of Defense , Interfax also informed about successful tests of the Zirkon hypersonic missile built for the Navy .
The hypersonic weapons have a multiple of the speed of sound of about 343 meters per second .
They are considered weapons of the future
Underwater tropedeo is
It was also built on the atomically usable underwater torpedo Poseidon .
The planned sea drone is planned to destroy coastal targets
The president , who himself also sailed with a military boat , said that this year alone 40 new ships were put into service with the individual fleet units of the country of the earth .
Russia has such a large coastal area as no other country in the world .
Russia has been reliably protecting for 300 years , Putin said on the nationally celebrated day .
Naval forces also celebrated Marine Day with parades at other Russian coastal towns
In Syria , Russia is fighting alongside ruler Bashar al-Assad , the military demonstrated strength at a weapons show in the Mediterranean port of Tartu .
Ammunition was also fired there .
were a video published by the Ministry of Defense not only warships , a submarine , but combat helicopters and jets .
Hurricane &quot; Hanna &quot; reaches Texas : help made more difficult because of Corona
Washington - The first hurricane of this year &apos;s season over which landed in Texas .
Threatening floods , winds and heavy rainfall now threatened parts of the US state , the National of the US Climate Protection Agency ( NOAA ) said at night ( local time ) .
Governor Greg Abbott for numerous districts .
According to the US media , those rampant in Texas complicate that of the helpers .
called for caution
&quot; Hurricane is a tremendous one , &quot; Abbott said , according to Houston
Looking at the hurricane in Texas , he added , &quot; This challenge is complicated and exacerbated considering sweeping through an area that is the most affected by COVID-19
According to John Hopkins University , 5,000 people have died as a result of the Corona pandemic .
called on people to leave their homes to be careful .
They should disregard practices &quot; to which we have become accustomed &quot; , such as wearing masks , the governor said , according to CBS .
It is important that everyone kept their distance .
hotel rooms were provided in some places .
In addition , corona should be tested in emergency shelters .
Damage was initially reported only from the coastal town of Port Mansfield .
Storm warning withdrawn
At 150 kilometers per hour , &quot; Hanna &quot; was hit on land on the island of Padre Island just before the Texas .
The tropical storm had previously been upgraded to a hurricane .
For the coastal section from Port Mansfield until a storm surge warning had been issued later withdrawn .
Authorities expected a weakening , while &quot; Hanna &quot; moved further inland and headed for Mexico .
&quot; Douglas &quot; in Hawaii
In the Pacific , hurricane &quot; Douglas &quot; was moving towards Hawaii on the night of Sunday with wind speeds of about 150 kilometers per .
However , the hurricane center expected it to weaken further .
According to the forecast , it will be near the largest islands of Hawaii on Sunday ( local time ) - then as a storm just below the hurricane threshold .
NOAA expected the Atlantic to have an above-average hurricane season this year , according to a forecast from May .
From June to the end of November , up to ten hurricanes are expected , of which up to six could be very strong cyclones , the authority explains .
On average , there are six hurricanes a year , three of which develop into storms .
In view of available climate data and the higher water temperature in the and Caribbean , the probability of a normal season is only 30 , which is even below average at ten percent , was then called
US President Donald Trump wrote to Twitter that his administration was in close contact with the states concerned .
Four goals revoked video assistant &quot; &quot; Sassuolo
Sassuolos Djuricic were two goals
Naples - Four goals scored , four goals revoked : Sassuolo Calcio experienced a raven black evening at 0 : 2 ( 0 : 1 at SSC Naples in the Italian football league Serie A - and really angry at video assistants of the referee .
&quot; A festival of ungiven gates for .
VAR has never cracked down on a team , &quot; commented Corriere dello Sport .
Host Naples had gone through goal of defender Elseid Hisaj in the 8th minute lead in the 32nd cheered Filip Djuricic first the .
The Video Assistant Referee ( ) withdrew the hit due to an offside position .
Five minutes later Djuricic shot the ball again net - intervened VAR .
Also the gates of attackers Francesco ( 50 . ) and Domenico Berardi ( ) the referee team took back after reference of the .
In the extra time made the 2-0 final score for Naples and the bitter evening for perfect .
&quot; The VAR is worse for Sassuolo than a radar trap for Sassuolo and Sassuolo like no team .
The new technology sets records , &quot; writes Gazzetta dello Sport .
Bayern Munich : Pavard injured
Munich ( dpa - The start into a hot preparation phase for Champions League started for Doublesieger FC with a setback .
Hansi , who recovered reasonably well after a short holiday and a few training days , has to consider after the first team training how he can rebuild his successful defense after an injury to Benjamin .
The Frenchman , who has the third most minutes behind Captain Manuel Neuer and midfielder Kimmich , suffered a band injury at the left foot root threatens to be missing in decisive premier class duels .
In the Munich dirty weather , the right-back broke off a training game and was driven with a golf kart course .
How long the unrestricted regular player has to pause in the fight for titles is open .
In the round of 16 rematch against Chelsea on 8 August , the final tournament of the 24-year-old , which begins in Lisbon , should be possible .
But the Bavarians do not want to be stopped by the mishap from the training on Sunday .
In his personal triple formula , Flick named the three attributes he wants to see from his stars on their way to Portugal &apos;s capital .
Quality , intensity and should be his victorious title collector in the ideally following 28 days until the King &apos;s class final on .
&quot; We have the mandatory tasks and trophy simply outstanding
to create something special , &quot; said Flick .
However , until they can deal specifically with the final tournament and previously training camp in the Algarve , the round of 16 is due against Chelsea FC .
After the 3-0 in the first leg before the Corona break , the Londoners in the home arena should not become a Bavarian nightmare again as in the &quot; final dahoam &quot; 2012 .
&quot; We have to go through the door first .
We win , create good conditions and trust with a good game , &quot; demanded Flick .
A test for attunement is due on Friday against Olympique Marseille .
With a long speech Flick had sworn his stars who had the Double 13 days holiday to a unique August
31 he welcomed Säbener Straße among them the new players Edel-Einkauf Leroy Sané , who met all new colleagues for the first time after his change from Manchester City .
&quot; Leroy fit in like all the new ones , &quot; reported .
But instead of talking about new season , when Sané &amp; Co. are no longer only allowed to train , Flick talked a lot about the current title project of the German series champion .
After days of individual small group training now in team strength for the Londoners , who are in contrast to the patch ensemble in the playing rhythm .
After that , the people of Munich could face a quarter-finals against FC Barcelona and Lionel Messi , semi-finals are Real Madrid , Manchester Juventus possible opponents .
One way to the final in Lisbon &quot; not so easy &quot; was emphasized by the head coach , who can trust from to the services of his new assistant Miroslav Klose in training
The World Cup record scorer and Flick know of many common tournament preparation , which is particularly important in the 0-on-100 attunement .
With his current team , working is &quot; a pleasure &quot; , Flick .
The &quot; focus on winning &quot; is an impressive feature of his team .
At the tournament with nine-man teams , things went down to business .
All of the performers were there , including Thiago and defender David Alaba , whose whereabouts are assured beyond that .
Formula 1 is a special rule to select your world champion
Since it is not possible to drive on the required number of continents , the improvise to
All American races were cancelled .
Race calendar is becoming more and more concrete
The race calendar of the current Formula One season continues to take shape .
In addition to the previously confirmed Grand Prix , three more race tracks were added during the week .
In October , the Nürburgring in Germany and Portimão in Portugal will be driven .
On the first of November , Lewis Hamilton and Co. will compete for World Championship points at the traditional race track in Imola .
This means that the 2020 race calendar currently comprises 13 races .
&quot; We are pleased to continue to achieve large plans for the 2020 season , &quot; said Formula One boss Chase Carey .
A total of 15 to 18 races will be completed in the premier class of motorsport in this extraordinary season .
Formula 1 wants to complete their season Asia .
Race calendar will be fixed and published in the coming weeks .
the already officially targeted races in Bahrain and Abu Dhabi in December could take place media reports appearances in Vietnam and Malaysia at the end of November
Regulations require races on three continents
The regulations of Formula 1 require at least races on three continents for those of the World Championship
if , as currently planned , only two continents are driven , there should be a world champion .
With the help of a special rule , FIA wants to award the &quot; because of the &quot; exceptional circumstances .
The traditional start to the season in March had to be cancelled at short notice due to the onset of the corona crisis .
A return to the continent this year is not an issue .
In addition , Formula 1 this year will not be a guest in America
Cancellation met with criticism in Brazil
Due to the tense corona situation , the races Canada , the USA , Mexico and Brazil will not take place
&quot; We look forward to being with them for the season , &quot; Carey said .
The cancellation of the American races was especially noticeable in Brazil : &quot; Cancellation was not surprising for us , we cannot accept the reasons for this , &quot; said Tamas Rohonyi , promoter of the Grand Prix in São Paulo .
Infection figures in the São Paulo area are significantly lower than in other regions of Brazil
Some teams that do not want to drive in Brazil would also justify refusal .
We are prepared for the required security measures .
Thunberg : Evil against Donald Trump went around the world
Greta Thunberg talked about her meeting US President Donald Trump
Greta Thunberg was a guest on Stephen Colbert &apos;s well-known latenight show via video and revealed in an interview what she had in her encounter with Donald Trump &apos;s head .
Klimaatkivistin Greta Thunberg was a guest in a popular US latenight show via video .
She told others about her against the powerful of the world .
The teenager also talked about her famous &quot; evil &quot; when she met Donald Trump .
New York City - Over the past two years , climate activist Thunberg has worked tirelessly for the Fridays For Future movement .
Now she spoke in a well-known about her plans in the future as well as her meeting with US President Donald Trump at the UN climate summit last year .
Latenight presenter Stephen Colbert welcomed 17-year-old Thunberg to your show on Tuesday and conducted a longer interview with the Swede .
She spoke not only about fighting against him , but also her with the powerful of the world .
&quot; There are some things that surprised me , &quot; she said .
&quot; How far people go to steer focus away from the climate crisis , &quot; she shook .
&quot; Everything from organized hate campaigns to threats just because a child was on the street &quot; she had experienced .
Heads of state and leading politicians who mock them on social media or even try to silence them , she finds &quot; funny &quot; because the reactions show her &quot; because they have no other answer &quot; .
It was especially at the end of the interview when Greta Thunberg was approached about a well-known scene in which she gave US president a bitter look .
UN climate summit 2019 in New York , for which the nude goddess sailed the Atlantic , her gaze was caught by the cameras and has since been seen by countless people .
the short clip a GIF , i.e. an animated image , which ultimately became one of the most commonly used images for Trump opponents .
But what did 17-year-old think about the president at that moment ?
To Stephen &apos;s relatively asked question , she answered only briefly and : &quot; To be honest , I think there is no need for anything else .
The experienced satirist Colbert had probably not expected a quick-witted answer and disappeared laughing from picture
With her &quot; How you ? &quot; speech on the principles of climate protection , she remained on the many in .
Ex-Dortmund real estate with pack of three for Lazio Rome
Immobile in the race for Europe &apos;s Golden Shoe now on par with Bavaria &apos;s Robert Lewandowski .
The former Dortmund real estate further chances to become top scorer in the Italian .
The former BVB professional contributed three goals in the 5 : ( 1 : 1 ) victory of Lazio Rome at Hellas Verona , including two penalty kicks in both halves .
The 30-year-old now has 34 season goals on account from the two games of the season before the end - just as many Robert Lewandowski from FC Bayern Munich scored in the past Bundesliga season .
In Italy Cristiano Ronaldo follows with goals so far , the Portuguese superstar met Sampdoria Genoa with the leader evening .
Fleetwood Mac co-founder Peter Green died
His life was like a rollercoaster ride : a rapid ascent with Fleetwood Mac went steeply downhill and then slowly up again .
Now blues rock guitarist Peter Green died at the age of 73 .
Ingenious guitarist , drug junkie , cult pendant : The co-founder of the band Fleetwood Mac , Peter Green , is dead .
had died peacefully in his sleep at the age of 73 , family members told Saturday in an official statement that another statement would be announced for the next few days .
Top musicians like Peter Frampton praised Green as one of the best blues and rock guitarists .
Mick Fleetwood spoke in an emotional response of a &quot; monumental loss &quot; for all previous and band Mac .
Drummer Fleetwood and guitarist Green had long since formed legendary band in London in 1967 , and his dreamy instrumental hit &quot; Albatross &quot; is still unforgettable .
The End Of The Game ( &quot; In Skies &quot; ) was like a rollercoaster ride .
With Fleetwood Mac Green experienced a rapid rise the band celebrated their greatest successes but then without him .
There is a dispute because Green wanted to donate to the group for charity .
began to appear in garments and with a large crucifix
Psychological problems are also said to have played a role .
Three years after its founding , Green left the band in 1970 .
followed a social descent .
The blues rock guitarist suffered from drug abuse and schizophrenia , as biographers reported .
Green was treated in psychiatry for a long time .
During most of the 1970s , the musicians of the scene .
He is said to have lived temporarily on the street , worked as a cemetery gardener and spent a long time in an Israeli kibbutz .
Green was born into a Jewish working-class family in Bethnal , London .
Already at a young age he was enthusiastic about B.B. King and Waters .
At the age of eleven he learned his first guitar handles
At the age of 15 , the teenager started playing guitar and five years later got the chance to be on stage as lead guitarist for the instrumental band Peter B &apos;s Looners .
Shortly thereafter , he was replaced by his idol Eric Clapton .
In the middle of the blues boom , Green founded Fleetwood Mac in the summer of 1967 along with his Bluesbreakers colleagues Mick Fleetwood and John McVie .
The Green composed song &quot; Albatross &quot; gave the group the first number 1 hit in 1968 / 69 and catapulted them to the top music scene .
But the rapid rise soon showed its dark sides : Green could not cope with it , his experiments with the drug became more and more extreme .
He later commented on the life between music and addiction in an interview : &quot; Worst thing that happened to me in the drugs was the best to land a number one hit &quot; .
Towards the end of the decade , Green surprisingly achieved a respectful success in 1979 with an album inspired by religious themes
Meanwhile , Fleetwood Mac swam on one without him in a new formation .
In 1977 , the album sold more than 40 million copies worldwide .
Despite various small solo successes , he did not make a major comeback until he restarted in 1996 with a group of friendly musicians .
British &quot; Daily Telegraph &quot; spoke of a rock star returning to Earth .
Green released several albums with the Peter Green Splinter Group until the band disbanded in 2004 .
He was already a blues legend during his lifetime and with his gentle sound one of the most influential guitarists of the past decades .
