Biker reacts lightning-fast and worse
Friday evening , Am auf sich Landstraße , which took place between Machtolsheim Merklingen and one , in the event of a traffic accident , only for the motorcyclist thanks to his quick reaction .
Motorist biker overlooked
A 44-year-old motorist wanted to turn left towards her clock VW Merklingen from coming to 1230 Machtolsheim direction .
Here she overlooked from the direction of coming 24-year-old Nellingen who were entitled to drive ahead .
At hand collision and fly away foot brake lever
He tried to avoid the car at the rear of the car .
By stripping were the one on Suzuki the hand foot brake lever as well as and the torn driver who was no longer able to brake .
Presently he steered his green stiffness into the motorcycle next to the and it let road roll out there without falling .
Biker suffers leg injury
the By collision with car the suffered biker of the injury a nevertheless At and in had to be treated one clinic .
Mamming : Corona Mass Infection 174 Harvester : Infected
After a corona mass infection on vegetable farm large in Lower Bavarian mamming almost 500 people are under and are no longer allowed to leave the farm quarantine .
A security service that monitors outgoing ban .
A total of 174 harvesters were tested for the positive Corona pathogen Sars-CoV-2 , as announced by the Dingolfing-Landau Landratsamt on Saturday evening .
&quot; In order to further spread , we must unfortunately take this step to protect the population , &quot; explained District Administrator Werner Bumeder CSU ( ) .
Previously , the seven companies had already infected employees - was that of the occasion series tests .
which is a large vegetable farm , strawberries , which grows cabbage cucumbers and beetroot red - the cucumbers for but only inlay glasses .
Mamming municipality is a rural with good inhabitants 3300 near Dingolfing with from its large BMW plant .
Bumeder appealed to citizens to calm down : &quot; preserve our According to information it is closed a group of people &quot; .
On the farm were not infected by infected , employees the separate site is now surrounded by a barrier fence .
Greens and gave SPD co-responsibility to the state government .
two opposition factions who threw Prime Minister Markus Söder ( CSU ) cabinet and before his neglect the control of accommodation from seasonal workers .
&quot; The bitter can take revenge if such infection events have to pick out local lockdowns and be ordered regional said &quot; , Mistol , Jürgen the managing director parliamentary of the Greens .
The SPD sees this similarly quite : &quot; We have already called for a special control program for harvesters even with farms in the Corona outbreak Wiesenhof-Schlachthof in mid-May , &quot; said environmental expert Florian von Brunn .
Especially &quot; Hygiene conditions at the workplace and the living conditions must become sharp from our point of view .
that obviously doesn &apos;t happen . &quot;
The &quot; breakout announcement came with &quot; .
Subway station Gefährlicher Aidenbachstraße : Dispute : after 19-year-old Schubser track bed falls into the
In a dispute between a two at the youth group Aidenbachstraße subway station , a 19-year-old has fallen through Schubser and slipped .
Obersendling Freitag Am ist - es U-Bahn station am um 16.15 Aidenbachstraße Uhr einem zu zwischen Streit gekommen zwei Jugendgruppen .
A passer-by the alarmed police who , with stripes .
According to the first investigation , a 17 ( ) 19-year-old pushed a floor .
The young man slipped over the and platform edge fell into the track bed .
People from the helped 17-year-old group to climb out of the track .
There was no danger from an entering railway .
According to the police , there were disputes between the two .
The 17-year-old fled the scene of the crime , but his personal details could be determined .
Accompanied by his father , he went to the police inspection . 29
17-year-olds are investigated for assault .
: Seehofer report pushes for longer data retention
Data retention is the . currently suspended
Horst Federal Minister of the Interior Seehofer , however , calls for an extension of the storage period .
He wants to strengthen the fight against child abuse .
Federal Minister of the Interior Seehofer Horst ( calls for CSU ) extended a data retention media report instead of - weeks the planned a ten year .
Christine Seehofer , Minister of Justice Lambrecht SPD ( ) , asked for an amendment to the law in a letter .
Seehofer therefore wants to strengthen measures against child abuse .
He considers it sensible to &quot; make necessary urgent adjustments in the already law now &quot; which quotes the newspaper writing out .
Data retention is currently suspended .
a It decision of the ECJ is expected to do so .
Seehofer , however , wants the already changes beforehand , so that they could be applied positively immediately after possible judgment , it says report in that .
A spokesman for the Ministry of Justice said that the newspaper could only be sensibly examined whether it required legal adjustments if the courts had decided .
In the fight against child abuse , child pornography and Seehofer , together with interior ministers , had already spoken out in favour of data retention in June .
: NBA for Clipper Star Lou Stripclub Trouble Williams
Excitement in NBA &apos;s !
Lou 33 Williams ( , ) professional basketball Angeles Los der Clippers is said to have left the tournament quarter in Disney World Orlando in / Florida one with funeral permission for .
According to US media reports , he visited the strip club &quot; Magic &quot; in City Atlanta in the evening .
Williams who is supposed to have admitted the visit according to ESPN information is back in , isloation is tested daily on COVID-19 .
Its the reason for visiting : Chicken Wings .
Last February Sweet &quot; &quot; , Lou he who is called as in NBA , has already expressed his love exactly this for Wings .
wrote Der : Amerikaner &quot; und Magic City Flame Blue ( Stripclub ein anderer , in Anm. Atlanta d . R. ) die besten haben Wings in der Stadt &quot; .
NBA insider Charania Shams on Sunday announced on Twitter that Williams has enacted a ten-day quarantine .
thus Clipper &apos;s star of the first two missed the official games of the after test game phase .
In World , Disney wants to play the NBA at the end of the Corona season .
Currently , 22 of the best teams prepare for the season finale starting the night on Friday .
Söder expresses mass infecton corona situation to
- Munich Health Minister Huml Melanie ) ( CSU has already announced a Sunday large farms test offensive for .
The press conference will be shown live on our homepage .
The case in the in Mamming district Dingolfing-Landau authorities and has startled politics .
On the vegetable farm , large currently nearly 500 countries work harvesters from several , a third has become infected with corona pathogens .
The farm is now under and quarantine is locked off with a fence .
no one may leave the grounds , food . Delivered
The good 3300 residents community of the offer free authorities . now corona tests
Since harvesters who had little local contact population goes that , district office so far , from the fact that the infections have spread beyond the not farm .
&quot; remorse &quot; : confession of alleged arsonist of the Nantes of
My &quot; client has shown himself &quot; cooperatively , who said lawyer Quentin Chabert newspaper of the .
The defender : &quot; He added very much regret that the deeds confession for was one him . Liberation &quot;
His mandate was &quot; plagued by remorse and extent of the destruction of the taken away very &quot; .
In a case of conviction , according to the man , ten years of prosecution threaten a fine of 150,000 euros and imprisonment .
gothic The in Saint Peter and Paul Cathedral of Nantes had been severely damaged by a fire in the night of Saturday last week .
Fire had broken out that far apart in three places of the church in .
Laboratory tests on the hardened suspicion of arson .
The suspect had already been arrested hours after the fire .
He was released after day but again .
as The Volunteer Man works for the diocese and Nantes was in charge of the closing of the cathedral on the eve of the fire .
there is a trace for no violent one in intrusion , church which he gave quickly came into the spotlight investigators of .
Discuss the abolition of the 50 1 rule +
DFB President Grindel recommended former Reinhard to consider the abolition of + 1 Rule 50 .
The German &quot; football at least should discuss conditions rules clear and for investors before , completed the facts creates EU Commission &quot; , said the grinder at &quot; &quot; Picture Sunday .
He stressed : For &quot; those who can become the clubs most likely , on Bavaria and dangerous Dortmund , which do not work + 50 1 rules anyway : see Leverkusen Leipzig . or
Insofar as one comes around the debate , around it not whether it is not necessary , clubs in , these want to break the phalanx to facilitate the inclusion of investors . &quot;
However , he has doubts whether in Germans there is a willingness to allow the majority shareholdings , the Bundesliga is prohibited by the 1 rule 50 + .
&quot; It remains a legal risk to move the Bundesliga to a business location in investment fences of the European internal market . &quot;
The former DFB chief sees danger that , the attempts &quot; more to ensure in competition balance of the Bundesliga , in the end competitiveness only that of our top clubs at European level , do not weaken but lead to more tension in championship of &quot; .
Equal distribution of self a TV money will achieve no decisive effect .
The &quot; Bayern FC makes a 750 turnover of million euros Dortmund , Borussia 500 of RB million and million Leipzig of 300 .
Differences are already immense among the first three clubs .
The other 15 clubs have an average budget of 130 &quot; million declared the 58-year-old .
View With past feeling on Grindel betrayed .
&quot; Unfortunately , there have been people who noticed this mistake and press who have pierced me instead of addressing it , &quot; Grindel said about expensive accepting a watch in which April 2019 had led his resignation .
&quot; That has occupied me very much . &quot;
Gift That worth about 11,000 euros he had received one from official Ukrainian .
&quot; I committed one compliance violation , and it was right to draw to the consequences , &quot; Grindel said .
&quot; I am completely transparent with ominous watch gifts .
It knew about it in many DFB &quot; .
He never assured the 58-year-old of a &quot; gift made of flour &quot; .
&quot; likes that naive , call in any case form this was the complete opposite of transparency corruption of &quot; .
Black &quot; Matter Lives injured &quot; : and a dead man
against the police violence protests of the United States have sharpened Donald Trump through federal police deployment of several in cities .
Saturday Am came to there cities to various between clashes and . Demonstrators policemen
In Louisville people were injured three , people Seattle in 16 arrested .
In Austin a person was shot , killed while a demonstration train was crossing a straight .
had previously come to Portland during protests racism against police violence and again clashes .
The security forces of the among them officials , federal police in used tear gas on Saturday night and drove demonstrators apart .
Hundreds of partly armed protesters marched through Louisville on Saturday in demanded Kentucky and those responsible that the for Breonna &apos;s death Taylor should be held accountable .
The old 26 year old student in had been shot at a March drug raid at Louisville &apos;s apartment in her .
the goal raid was someone else who did not live there , and none drugs were found .
When Saturday on a member of a group called a self-armed American black , a shot fired three , people were injured .
According to the NBC station , hospital took her to the .
None of them was in mortal danger .
The barricades police set up because counter-demonstrators had also formed a white militia .
To the two groups it did not ultimately come .
In Austin Texas , a person was shot in the &quot; Lives &quot; Black Matter demonstration and died .
Police The after took their own into an information custody suspects .
More details about circumstances of the act she has not made so far .
Mayor Steve , according to Adler , told the New Times York that he was , in many of the city , &quot; inconsolably stunned and &quot; because of what had happened .
American Seattle also clashed with police on Saturday in the metropolis .
stuck in front of a youth prison in construction car fire , police glare grenades which and put a pepper spray .
According to &quot; Seattle of the &quot; , 16 Times people were arrested against resistance for police or assault .
In Oakland California a fire was set in courthouse .
small group of protesters had hammered in windows fireworks and , shot down police officers blinded with lasers , police who shared Oakland from late ( Saturday night ) local time .
This quickly extinguished fire .
In suburb of Aurora , a Colorado in of Denver , a crowd drove by car on one of the .
Like the police , one fired a weapon from the protesters and person was taken to at least one injured hospital .
In addition , there were also a court hammered in windows it and was set fire to as the police reported .
Investigations were started .
Rakoczy in Bad Kissingen : Defying Corona Historical Costumes
the Although great snack was missing in the spa town , visitors enjoyed this and performers of the Rakoczy flair alternative program .
It was unfamiliar visitors for , and performers : organizers Rakoczy weekend That without Rakoczy festival .
: But even if even large the party mile of the in , downtown the crowds lacked program highlights and how , Saale burns or Rakoczy-Ball procession , so many nevertheless came alternative program at the Corona compliant at their expense .
&quot; I think we have managed to spread Rakoczy flair , &quot; says Thormann spa director Sylvie .
The guests would have accepted it well .
In principle , one returns to the beginnings of the Rakoczy Festival , as well as those alone were the focus of the historical aspects of the festival .
Pleasant atmosphere
Vesna Konhäuser visits with more of her husband years always than 25 Rakoczy festival to Bad Kissingen .
also So this time in the Corona year .
That &apos;s what couple Luitpold Casino has been watching , making themselves comfortable while watching the histories and listening to Cuban strolling at the live music casino restaurant .
&quot; I also find it so pleasant , &quot; says Konhäuser .
She , the missing crowds otherwise who do not belong to Rakoczy .
But it lacks the usual program highlights above all Saale on Friday evening as well as the procession historical the and on the final fireworks Sunday evening .
&quot; is a pity .
That would have fit year weather this &apos; super , she says .
Rakoczy riding tournament to take place again
For performers who historical the spa guests meant partly more the alternative program work .
For example , gold for Christina , in which a normal annual procession and participates there can be seen on the carriage of the Kurgarten cafe .
This was year on Saturdays she and Sundays to walk in costume in city of traveling .
&quot; That &apos;s more exhausting otherwise , we have it easier , &quot; she says .
The equestrian club had less to do even when rider park individual were on the way .
&quot; We very much hope that equestrian quadrille will take place again in the year coming , &quot; says Ulrike the chairman Waldhofen .
She announced that several Rakoczy riding tournaments will take place again after a break in 2021 .
28 Corona cases Spanish at second division club Fuenlabrada
The Spanish football second division CF Fuenlabrada slides deeper into crisis because of an always Corona outbreak .
the newcomer Since the Coruña flown from near Corona Falls Madrid despite the first on 20 to July which was one in game City A , which was followed by one low blow next .
Until Sunday or player 28 team members were positive , one tested came to the hospital which , club as announced .
from Fuenlabrada , the city of the same name from southwest , Madrid still had a chance to reach the promotion playoffs .
Now this even threatens the relegation in Second B Group of the league .
The game against Deportivo La Coruña last Monday last at the moment the canceled prosecutor &apos;s office for investigating a possible offense against health public , the supreme sports authority CSD is considering the relegation forced of the club .
The as well as player team members others sit in quarantine in a hotel .
to the &quot; Until day sixth of quarantine no they have received towel fresh no and gel &quot; , which wrote sports newspaper &quot; &quot; AS .
On photos it can be seen that players like underwear and club clothes have hung up their rooms in the hotel drying after they had to wash themselves .
bed linen was also not changed for five days .
Another problem is . the food
Neither is it nor good enough , wrote &quot; . &quot; AS
The club management , on the other hand , was told , with satisfied hotel the .
The accusation of having deliberately endangered public health was rejected , lawyer of the club Tebas Javier Llanas .
The Corona rules , son of the president of the Primera Division Spanish Javier , Tebas , the Europe News Agency and the Press Sports newspaper &quot; reported Marca &quot; , were not emphasized against football association by violating the violated Corona rules .
Before departure , there were four infected people until 19 July , all of whom were isolated and not travelling .
before Direct Flight after Monday at Coruña A , all and player team members were tested again .
When the team was already in Coruña A then , at five six &quot; or more &quot; of the team members were positive Corona test .
The game was canceled minutes 60 before kick-off , Tebas said Llanas .
Police Steam compartment at must capture torn horses
Two animals were on the road .
Police them Which led back to their owner .
Sunday morning On the short 6 o &apos;clock a road user shared two on horses free running the feeder between the confluence Donnersdorf / Steinsfeld of the and highway junction .
When the officials arrived , they were already horses again the feeder between and the village of Dampfach .
shortly ago After the steam compartment could be won by officials the confidence horses , these could be laid each in the patrol car a carried rope .
Cycling pro Tony Martin : career continuation imaginable
Time trial specialist Martin Tony is thinking about continuing his career .
/ Frankfurt Main The seven-time Martin Tony time-trial world champion can well imagine his , .
&quot; I am currently putting team with the framework conditions , which could continue as in and form , &quot; said 35-year-old of the &quot; Allgemeine Frankfurter . &quot;
Martin is employed by the currently Dutch team Jumbo-Visma and before had Corona break the considered to finish his year after career this .
the negotiations with his team were also about the number of race days he said .
around Or other problems him , who plague family father as if Martin , meant .
In the past he was after a fall , got up first and that was thought : was again &quot; Quickly back on the wheel .
Today I think father of a little daughter would be : What if . , &quot;
The professional cyclist admitted that there were aspects with which he found it increasingly difficult .
&quot; But it was good for me to notice from the Corona time to what I have cycling and how much I enjoy it . &quot;
The time trial specialist will return to the competition at Tour de ( l Ain &apos; 5th to August 9th ) .
Bavaria : At least four dead on Bavaria &apos;s streets Weekend on the
This attracts beautiful weather bikers to the streets in many places .
For three at least people ends with the tour motorcycle the . deadly
Even 18 a year pedestrian dies old .
Schönthal Bei - Bavaria &apos;s accidents on the streets weekend are several , mostly young people died .
18 A motorcyclist years old Saturday Schönthal was recorded at Cham district ( von ) a car that came on counter track .
Why it got up , counter lane . initially unclear
In Upper Bavaria on Saturday he met a 22-year-old of a machine horse-drawn carriage .
was on the road at Beilngries police . Downhill
a In bounced left turn against he carriage . the
His injuries were so severe that he died at the scene of the accident .
Of the inmates of the carriage twelve , one and a man was severely injured , as police reported .
one in another accident died in the deadly Bad Kötzting Upper Palatine 18-year-old .
He had laid himself in the night of the one on Sunday and road was overrun by a 42-year-old driver .
According to the presumption police , the 18-year-old wanted to sleep .
He could not brake more drivers in time .
At Schönberg ( district of Freyung-Grafenau ) on Saturday a year old 57 biker in a right turn emergency braking despite frontal against car .
He died in an accident .
The 57-year-old driver suffered one , shock the rest in the person car three remained unhurt .
Safety This was discussed by motorcyclists of Bavarian Minister of Transport Kerstin Schreyer CSU ( ) on Saturday .
In a letter organizer that of the August driving bans announced for biker protests against Gabor Kovacs the minister , referred to investments such as extensive underride protection and the guardrails defusing more dangerous .
&quot; For the safety of the motorcyclists , we have achieved a lot in the past years , &quot; it said .
Number &quot; The number of motorized two-wheelers killed decreased by around 28 percent compared to 2011 . &quot;
Kovac tests Monaco against Frankfurt
Main Frankfurt / ( ) dpa - Football coach For Niko there will be Kovac with his new club Monaco AS soon reunion with Eintracht Frankfurt .
eight times The French champion on August 1 ( 18.00 ) visits the former one of the Croat Club , Hesse .
the Für is Bundesliga club it is the only first endurance test and before second leg the Europa League the against FC Basel 6 . ( . ) August
Because of the coronavirus pandemic which is held meeting spectators without .
&quot; We are especially looking forward to this game .
It &apos;s always nice to come to Frankfurt and meet friends , &quot; Kovac explained .
is sporty that an interesting , test said the . 48-year-old
Before moving to his FC Munich Bayern the Kovac had trained from Hesse until 2016 2018 and led to victory in the DFB Cup .
&quot; An opponent more high-profile than one , Monaco is a good test for the game against Basel .
Like all Frankfurt residents , I look forward to seeing Kovac again with Niko , &quot; said Eintracht coach Hütter Adi .
The 50-year-old Austrian had joined Eintracht in succeeding the Croat .
In March , Frankfurter lost the round of 16 first leg to Basel 3-0 .
50 New Infections Fast Landkreis : Hof narrowly past Lockdown
In the courtyard number of new Corona infections has increased further on the known weekend : on Friday and 39 43 Saturday on ( one recovered and persons did not fall this in more 47 on statistics ) Sunday on .
In addition , there is case one of the city in yard .
Thus , space approaches the farm from the critical 50 brand new infections 100,000 inhabitants per week in .
700 monsoon rains dead in Southeast Asia
the severe floods in Southeast Asia are more than 9 million people affected , especially in Bangladesh , India .
of the strong monsoon rain killed 700 total people .
Bangladesh In trying to reach the crescent red isolated in the boats people .
Villages All are under water .
The farmers have lost their harvests .
Panzernashörner National Park in die landslides by
In Kaziranga National Park , rhinoceros several 120 died from the landslide .
They are under and valid protection as endangered from extinction .
Year In this floods are worst the especially what to attribute to scientists climate change .
According to Bangladesh , according to the United Nations , one of the countries affected by global warming .
stand New empty apartments
In the Cox &apos;s town of Bazar in southern Bangladesh has built of the displaced persons for state housing 650 by floods .
So far , few are only confiscated .
It is difficult to bring Cox people to s &apos; to Bazar .
Grenezn is also enthusiastic .
Anyone who had an earlier house , it was still so small and a similar cottage , often does not want to be spent in apartment block great life .
Apartments Many stand empty but - so it wants the - government will soon be sourced from those who have lost their house due to floods .
60 Corona new infections one only in day in Vienna
In a 24-hour comparison in 60 Vienna corona new infections were reported - in Lower Austria there were 22 new infections .
The State Health Directorate Vienna medical and the crisis staff City of Vienna regularly inform about case numbers the current and other key figures : at the stand COVID-19 virus Sunday , July 26 , 2020 8.00 a.m. , are confirmed in Vienna 4.840 ( + positive tests 60 ) .
The number of virus associated in standing deaths is 204 .
( 4,090 48 + are recovered persons ) .
22 Coronavirus infections new Lower Austria in
Number Coronavirus infections in Lower Austria rose by 3,288 22 on Sunday .
According to the medical staff , one has recovered anew .
This increases the number of 2,936 recovered .
Covid-19 were 247 patients in the state .
147,253 tests have been carried out so far .
105 people died in connection with lung disease
counter-offer Argentina rejects creditors
The new demands could not be met , the Ministry of Economy in Buenos Aires on Saturday .
That &quot; would not only be irresponsible but , unjustly also called &quot; , it one in . Statement
&quot; While 50 of the children percent live in Argentina poverty , in the short term we can not increase the profits of our creditors &quot; .
The second largest debt economy in South America is at current the no longer viable conditions .
This is why Argentina is calling on its creditors to forego their share claims of around 66 billion US dollars ( around 59 billion euros ) .
There is no agreement , the country threatens again .
the ninth would be default of the Argentine in history .
Most recently , lenders had demanded higher interest rates on government bonds and contractual clauses changes to some .
However , the Argentine government is sticking to its last firm offer and is not willing to any more concessions .
Argentina is in a serious financial and economic crisis .
The last inflation rate was more than 50 percent .
Experts expect economic power to decline by ten percent in the year .
At the end of May Argentina did not have interest claims in the amount of 503 million US dollars and settled into a slipped limited payment default .
Professional - arrived private not yet
&quot; It &apos;s going super-well &quot; - this conclusion Dr. Stefanie moves Kramer after her days first in the notary &apos;s office in Eggenfelden .
At the end everything went very fast : Dr. Mitte told Stefanie Mai Kramer that she will succeed Lutz von Feller at the Eggenfeldener notary &apos;s office .
Already six weeks , later beginning , July the lawyer received her doctorate , work normal that runs daily business on long full tours .
&quot; I still have to arrive privately , &quot; she explains Rottaler with the laughs scoreboard and .
The short course lead time was not enough to move from the center of life completely Regensburg to Eggenfelden , Dingolfingerin the native .
with Aktuell sei Mann sie dem , als Regensburg Richter in Landgericht am ist tätig , Suche auf der nach passenden einer Wohnung oder einem Haus der in Stadt .
at least her short-term husband could still apply for parental leave to ensure the care of the two ( daughters 3 ½ and old 1 years ½ ) .
In order not to commute every day from Regensburg , she also had to explain for the time being an overnight stay with her dinghy beginners in parents , the 39-year-old .
Growing up in the neighboring region it is the , Eggenfelden city has of course long term one .
During visits on site with her the family past in months then she has found again : is &quot; a Eggenfelden small town beautiful right . &quot;
more She was all the more pleased that , in the selection process , she had made vacancies for the races .
Dr. Kramers in Stefanie Werdegang beruflichem plays a role home her Lower Bavaria : central After studying law , her legal traineeship in Passau passed the and state examination 2nd in Regensburg .
After several notary assessor positions as among others under , in and Rehau Hof in Upper Franconia , in Babenhausen Unterallgäu as well as Regensburg - during this time she also shouldered &quot; the &quot; doctorate in labour law - in the year 2012 she first her position Notarin as Rotthalmünster in the district of Passau im .
In 2016 , she went into parental leave and finally moved to Regensburg .
Since then she has taken over notary positions in various .
When the job Eggenfelden in was advertised because of the approaching Lutz retirement Feller , she had seen the right time for full re-entry professional , explains 39-year-old the .
Team The predecessor of yours , holiday representation in the future who takes over to the notary &apos;s office , Stefanie has taken over Dr. Kramer completely and has - an equal for praise that the team ready law firm : runs &quot; supergut Es &quot; !
The fact that she relies on well-rehearsed processes here can make it easier for her to take care of shifting the upcoming private center of life .
Kindergarten things In crib places or already with contact local one .
And , as desired , she hopes to pursue her hobby too soon - and to get to know the most beautiful of the Rottal jogging routes .
plans to start the BVB 15,000 league with maximum spectators
The Dortmund German largest football stadium in Dortmund season start will be case to return in a fan not even 20 percent filled .
&quot; Due to the distance regulation that must be complied with , we are planning status with current up to 12,000 spectators 15,000 &quot; Borussia , said Managing Director of Dortmund &apos;s Carsten to the Cramer &quot; Tagesspiegel &quot; .
Usually the Bundesliga games in the arena at Revierstadt hold a little more than spectators . 81,000
In the ghost games caused by the corona pandemic last season , BVB had lost four million euros per game .
The person responsible for marketing BVB , and digitalization Cramer Internationalization hopes that , in addition to normal places for spectators , some 4,000 places in the hospitality sector can be opened again : &quot; It is a blow , of course , when these revenues break away completely into the office . &quot;
In view of the ongoing Corona crisis , &quot; everyone is currently advising to take a page length with good stability &quot; .
&quot; If many do not have companies well and millions of people in Germany are short-time working on their own , then entertainment is in need , &quot; Cramer explained .
The Dortmund praised the BVB professionals marketing boss her for , the salary partial waiver overcoming to the crisis of &quot; contribute : Of course , players know that the salary waiver gives her a different effect if , we 100 , people who work in merchandising , put on short-time work &quot; .
Wonders : Tiny early start into a few hundred grams with life
heavy Hardly as butter packerl , just tablespoons three times his blood in body : whole was that Gabriel he was born , was - weighed 273 exactly he grams .
This is the boy of a 400 out of around premature babies who are cared for annually at the children &apos;s clinic in Graz .
A quarter of them weigh less than 1,500 grams , few like - and his Gabriel Michael Raphael brothers and - are with extreme lightweight once a not birth weight kilogram .
They are so small and so early , born that lungs are neither intestines , nor , completely muscles nor developed .
Their skin is sometimes such that , they could have delicate electrodes that of an injured ECG .
And they are so tiny that doll clothing sometimes they wear and specially made mini diapers for them .
But so , not that small they would not be in voice &quot; - and like &quot; Berndt smiles , Urlesberger .
Even &quot; if quite naturally they do not scream as loud as big &quot; babies .
When whiteboard becomes the stage
Despite Corona Theater classroom : in the whiteboard as a stage shortly before the start of the holiday 9th grade St. James Gymnasium of the in . Abtsgmünd
Actress Julia Sylvester from the city of Aalen Theater presented the production &quot; Das Heimatkleid - und &quot; to the students via .
Afterwards , the students were able to exchange information about Tobias play and the performance with Skype the actress and Winfried director .
was born the idea out for the current performance format Corona situation .
Teacher Teresa was happy about the enrichment of teaching .
Even if everyone involved agrees that they were , direct in the encounter theater still would offer stage space and additional charms , one sees theater in also the potentials for contact those in schools .
If the &quot; technical we frame further improve one that could become interesting to complement game operation , &quot; stressed Winfried director .
First draw round Der : 1860 würde TSV im DFB-Pokal auf Frankfurt treffen Eintracht
Should 1860 the for TSV qualify the DFB-Pokal , lions meet in the first round Eintracht on Frankfurt .
This resulted in draw the Sunday on .
Sixty Munich - possible opponent in the first round of the DFB Cup is certain .
The lions of a successful qualification would meet Eintracht . Frankfurt
this resulted in the Sunday evening draw in at the . ARD Sports Show
because the corona pandemic participant field is still completely not come to use in the draw placeholder .
FC TSV of the 1860 already finals in the Toto Cup Bavarian or 4 ( 5 September ) .
There lions meet either the or Würzburg kickers Aschaffenburg Viktoria .
Should second-division runner-up Würzburg reach the final , sixty would already be qualified for fix the round first in the DFB-Pokal .
Otherwise , the Giesinger would have to prevail in the final Regionalligist against Aschaffenburg .
The DFB Cup of the round will be held between the 11th and the 14th and thus September one week before the third division start .
&quot; Winde Vom &quot; : Gone Film legend Olivia is de Havilland dead
Oscar winner and film legend Olivia de is Havilland dead .
was on you in Paris Sunday 104 with natural years death one her , confirmed the spokeswoman German press agency .
de Her Havilland was known for her role as Hamilton in the Melanie Southern epic &quot; Gone with the Wind &quot; ( ) 1939 .
Born as a child in Tokyo , Olivia de moved to California as a Havilland .
The Austrian theatre man Reinhardt discovered Max 19-year-old Hermia Shakespeare &apos;s role as &quot; Midsummer Night &apos;s Dream &quot; .
Film studio The Warner took Brothers her seven equal for years and contract she brought out on the Eroll side Flynn .
Acht sie mit Herzensbrecher dem .
In 1946 she won her first Oscar leading role in &quot; To Each His . Own &quot;
The film was entitled &quot; &quot; in Germany . Mother &apos;s Heart
Three years later came the award for best in William actress Wylers The &quot; &quot; Heiress ( ) The heiress .
Much recognition was given to her as also neurotic in eccentric &quot; dark The and &quot; mirror snake pit &quot; Die &quot; .
du Daphne Maurier suggested for 1952 in the lead role that of the film adaptation of her novel My Cousin Rachel &quot; &quot; .
This was a worldwide success .
With her bed girlfriend Davis longtime played in her for &quot; Wiegenlied eine Leiche &quot; .
From the marriage of the writer Marcus 1946 to Goodrich ( ) 1953 the son emerged Benjamin .
In Paris , de Havilland married Pierre journalist Paul Galante and his daughter Gisèle married him .
This marriage also broke up .
about rumors affair one of the with former Prime Minister British were however Edward Heath never confirmed .
Road Timmendorf &quot; to Beachvolleyball &quot; : : Thole / Wickler miss final comeback at
The World Cup second Thole Julius Clemens and missed at the winder beach volleyball tournament Road &quot; Timmendorf to Finale das &quot; .
At the top teams Düsseldorf in the semifinals national team colleagues defeated their Nils and Lars Ehlers wings with : 1 2 17 : ( 21 21 , 17 : 19 , : ) 21 .
Most recently Thole / had played in the winder September of last year at the Tour Final World in Rome .
In the Rhine their defeated wings Ehlers / das against surprise team Lukas and his Pfretschner interim partner Steven van de 0 with Velde 2 : 17 ( 21 17 : , 21 : ) a defeat .
In addition to the show tournament three , starting places were played for German early championships in September Timmendorfer Strand : The tickets were secured by Dollinger Simon / Kulzer Manuel , / Harms Peemüller Richard and Simon Pfretschner / Sievers Milan .
Kalbitz-Rauswurf aus bestätigt AfD - speaks of FDP &quot; &quot; fig leaf
The exclusion of Andreas von Kalbitz is from AfD of the FDP point of view only a &quot; fig leaf &quot; and does not change anything about the character party of the .
The &quot; AfD is the arm of parliamentary right-wing extremists in Germany .
Kalbitz is Andreas only the part of the tip in Eisberg that of the AfD radicals , &quot; said Benjamin FDP internal politician Strasser of the news agency dpa .
The Federal Arbitration Court AfD on Saturday in after Stuttgart hearing several hours exclusion from Kalbitz , confirmed the federal board of the majority in May .
is chairman Kalbitz of the AfD parliamentary group Brandenburger Landtag .
&quot; If the AfD were really concerned about right-wing extremists , consistently removing their from party , functionaries would have been expelled Björn as well as how Höcke his long supporters &quot; , Strasser said .
&quot; However , there is no will for this in the AfD political , because right-wing extremism is now part of the party &quot; .
Markus said similarly : CSU General Secretary Blume &quot; That Kalbitz excludes Andreas , now nothing remains changed and &quot; nothing said , he world &quot; the Sunday &quot;
&quot; Rather , volumes speak how many a frenetic supporter still has in the midst of the right-wing extremists in AfD &quot; .
assumes from Blume that AfD , in elections that will again land below five in the future .
&quot; the days AfD which are counted in parliaments &quot; .
Kalbitz was spokesman of one of the meanwhile &quot; dissolved &quot; wings around Thuringia the AfD-Landes- Björn and group chairman Höcke ; Verfassungsschutz which classifies the coronation &quot; as secured right-wing extremist aspiration &quot; .
May In Kalbitz had thrown out the AfD federal board of the . Party
As a reason , Kalbitz gave his membership in the now far-right &quot; Deutsche Jugend Heimattreuen ( &quot; ) HDJ bei and the Republicans .
Kalbitz membership denies the HDJ .
the chairman of the left faction in the Brandenburg Sebastian Landtag , , Walter , stressed the decision of the Federal Arbitration Court did not change the character of the : AfD &quot; The wolf has only eaten chalk .
The AfD one remains far-right party , whether Kalbitz with or without . &quot;
Neither with this decision would the federal party nor weakened wing of the .
Maneuver The &quot; of the transparent .
One wants to further observe constitutional protection which and escape the attempt to get under radar &quot; , said .
&quot; The AfD will not let go of ghosts who it called .
A change of expulsion there is nothing &quot; nor , commented the SPD General Secretary Brandenburger Stohn the Erik decision in the case Kalbitz
Here &quot; AfD state association and the faction held the to this day right-wing leaders their &quot; .
The legal dispute surrounding the membership Kalbitz the in will continue AfD .
He announced on Saturday that he would take action against decision of the Federal Arbitration Court now under civil law .
North Sea wind farms provide a good 21 percent more electricity
Wind power plants on those of the North Sea Germans fed the first six in months of the terawatt hours 11.51 into electricity grid .
are a good 21 percent more than in the same period last year , which was reported in Tennet Bayreuth network operators .
Tennet is responsible for transmitting the North Sea electricity to the mainland and forwarding it through the German electricity grid .
The wind turbines on , the Baltic Sea to the non-grid area of Tennet , have further terawatt hours 2.22 TWh ( fed in ) electricity .
the total comes from wind power and the North Sea to TWh 13.73 , 11.64 compared to good TWh first in the first half of 2019 .
The wind harvest lake accounts for almost 19 percent of the total wind current in Germany ; this is about four percentage points more than a year ago .
Wind farms provide new for higher generation capacities
The increased contribution to offshore wind energy results from the higher wind conditions , generating capacities because new wind farms have been connected to the grid in twelve past months .
If the 1270 in wind power plants of the North Sea were all simultaneously with power , they could generate electricity of 6.7 gigawatts .
According to 7.1 Tennet , the transmission capacity is sufficient for gigawatts .
By 2030 , it is expected to rise to the German gigawatt 17 on the North Sea .
&quot; In and in Germany the Netherlands we are investing up to then 20 billion in euros the expansion of offshore grid connections which said , &quot; Tennet Managing Director Tim .
In wind farms reality can also exploit lake on their , capacity not reach but about 40 percent .
This record day in year 2 is January , when North Sea wind farms generated more than six gigawatts of electricity .
In the North Sea wind turbines , the 2.5 gigawatts to 3.0 electricity , which corresponds to three to four nuclear power plants .
This could supply seven almost households with millions of electricity .
&quot; Kunst &quot; Skirmish - an exhibition by the artist Leipziger Christian in Galerie Bold der Gmünder des .
almost a The little one was anniversary celebration to the . 130
of the birthday of Gmünder Kunstverein : The exhibition opening Skirmish &quot; Works &quot; with the Leipzig Bold artist Christian blew up the frame after the Corona break .
Much more art lovers usually pursued the dialogue between the artist and the chairman of the Kunstverein , Professor Ripper Dr. . Klaus
Equivalent musical The band &quot; delivered the Defenders the of Universe on &quot; the southern . Kornhausplatz
of the Northern Gallery , the Sandtogether Association was involved &quot; . &quot;
: Windbergfest Freital cancelled due to Corona
The Windberg Festival takes place in this not year .
The Freital city in September cancelled the planned festival for three days .
In years of other over , people had 30,000 city festivals .
&quot; We have truly not made it easy for ourselves to make this decision - and in the awareness of how economically it is hoped for the participants at the last minute &quot; , Lord Mayor explained ( Uwe Rumberg ) .
But &quot; ultimately we organizers are responsible as here the health for many people thousand . &quot;
Tens of thousands of festival grounds that and the marquee would have flowed into minimum distances , hygiene regulations , as well as a current corona protection regulation according to the contact tracking could not be complied with .
Or restrictions that would have been strongly such that of , folk festival one would not have left much .
In addition , the organisational and monitoring effort would increase disproportionately many times over .
Rumberg consoled year . next
Then their city of Freital celebrates its 100th anniversary with the Winterbergfest other from until 9 July and May 2021 the Saxony Day of the 10th from 12 to 12 September 2021
Dressage Olympic champion in Werth zu Achleiten not beating
Achleiten - Olympic champion The six-time Isabell was Werth the outstanding rider at the dressage tournament .
The Rheinberg 51-year-old came to victory at four starts on the weekend . four
After opening Weihegold with and each Quantaz had won a Grand , Prix she was also beating in the Sunday Prix Grand Special and not in the freestyle .
On the mare Weihegold 15-year-old Werth Sonntag Special am prevailed in the clearly against Victoria Max-Theurer Austrian Abegglen .
Freestyle of the German Saturday was on the front of Quantaz her clearly 34 old years student Max-Theurer Victoria .
Werths Quantaz winning horse . belongs to Max-Theurer
The most successful dressage rider in the world is to establish him in the ten-year-old stallion Prix Grand .
For it Quantaz was first ever freestyle .
at the first already tournament three in Achleiten had won all competitions important four weeks ago .
The last three of the international tournaments for August 14 to 16 is planned there .
In the future in more Worms air traffic controllers
Worms University continues : The &quot; Lüfte DFS Deutsche &quot; donates an Air Traffic Management Professorship .
a corresponding contract between the DFS and the university has now been signed by DFS in Worms .
The contract was initially concluded for three years and started in 2021 .
With professorship which consists of the beginning of studies , possibility not only in the summer , but also to the winter semester .
This means that many students are twice as trained as so far .
At the same time , the capacities are utilized evenly both in the university and at the DFS Air Traffic Control Academy .
DFS will establish the university and fill professorship of the .
an 2019 Represented since the university
Since summer semester 2019 , the first students of their framework training air traffic controllers to study at Worms University Air in Traffic Management .
nine years of students started this in .
the experiences so far are very much of DFS , positive those of the achievements students are excellent .
The combination of study pilot training and contributes significantly to further increasing the attractiveness of the pilot profession .
In &quot; these times we easily do not find funding economical .
But we firmly expect air traffic to recover and grow again in the long term .
In order to be able to fulfil our legal requirements in the future , we need highly qualified personnel , &quot; says Professor Scheurle Klaus-Dieter , Chairman Managing Director of DFS when signing the contract .
&quot; DFS the For is the future-proof endowed professorship one , investment air traffic controllers that will convey a long-term broad professional , knowledge base overlapping .
We continue cooperation which therefore with good of the and university at the same time underpin attractiveness our as &quot; employers .
This is also underlined by Professor Jens Dr. Hermsdorf , President Worms of the University &quot; : Endowed Professorship The important one forms a bridge and between science industry .
With it , we would like to build on DFS Deutsche Praxispartner Flugsicherung &apos;s existing cooperation as the bachelor &apos;s degree programme in Air Traffic Management for dual users . &quot;
The trust of air traffic control Germans for the university and Worms motivation is at the same time an obligation to further expand their teaching research competence and in future fields that of air traffic .
In use for air traffic controllers tomorrow , the university could set their first for a very dual course of study highlights and special innovative focuses for students .
Dr. Alt , Denis at the Ministry of State Secretary for Science , Continuing Education and Culture , emphasises : &quot; With its focus on aviation , Worms University has a unique selling point in Rhineland-Palatinate .
The signing of cooperation agreement today strengthens the profile . &quot;
landing rescue screwdriver on the 45 A
About 30 minutes which was 45 on the highway A Saturday afternoon towards closed full Aschaffenburg , after as a rescue helicopter traffic accident which was in use .
A 76-year-old drove one with Ford 12.40 towards in clock exit of the in Alzenau-center of the bend landed straight on the and on guardrail .
Due to the impact , the front airbags from the driver suffered minor injuries on the face and had to be taken to hospital for treatment .
The injuries of the passenger 72-year-old were taken from the emergency doctor and the patient then took care of the rescue helicopter flown into hospital .
Currently the police assume that , however , there is no danger of death .
Vehicle The damaged one caused by damage about Euro 2000 had to be towed away .
wants to check Heil after meat industry other industries
Corona crisis that brought back to light parts of the conditions in the meat industry .
Tightening of the law is imminent .
But rightly they are and - will it stick ?
Federal Minister of Labour Hubertus ( Heil will SPD nach ) the now planned strict against regulations of grievances in also meat industry other review industries .
&quot; We will look at industry for industry and then take the respective industry measures , appropriate if it is necessary &quot; said Heil in the German Press Agency Berlin .
Employers in Germany already warn against generally restricting contracts for works .
the mass outbreak of Corona at the meat giant Tönnies in North Rhine-Westphalia that wants this federal cabinet to pass a Wednesday salvation from law .
Large slaughterhouses should be allowed to use slaughter dismantling , during and meat processing no more foreign personnel .
the purpose of work contract assignment and temporary workers is to be banned there .
Employer President Ingo Kramer said dpa of the : &quot; get away fingers of a general restriction of employment contracts workers &apos; provision and you if , not the whole economy wants to stifle &quot; .
Work contracts are an example of a wide range to the craftsmanship , construction industry of the and mandatory plant construction the basis for their value creation .
The &quot; individual failures can destroy a not so important instrument &quot; .
Heil assured : My &quot; goal is not to ban work contracts in everywhere Germans of the economy . &quot;
work contracts are sensible .
&quot; If an industrial company instructs a craftsman to install a safety system , this is a completely work contract normal &quot; .
German meat industry The one considers prohibition and temporary work of work contracts in the sole industry their unconstitutional .
be not it , explainable why when portioning and packing cheese should apply other labor law in the future than at , sausage in it says statement of a bill to report as &quot; the Neue Osnabrücker ( newspaper &quot; ) Saturday .
a ban would therefore increase consumer price by up to 10 percent per 20 kilos of product and .
Eastern European employees In many cases , the industry worked out in contract companies after examining the results of the 16 hours NRW Occupational Safety and Health Administration on the day
Often had none . They pause
Wage for was withheld protective equipment or rent .
It was also noted that situation was often accommodation of workers . miserable
Heil said that a relatively 2017 law had already entered into force for the meat industry .
However , these were circumvented by &quot; tricky constructions &quot; .
&quot; Now must be cleaned up fundamentally . &quot;
Politicians announced Der : &quot; In the , occupational health and safety law that we want to adopt at the end of July cabinet , also measures that , not only the meat industry - concern , for example , test rates higher occupational safety with the clear criteria or for community accommodation &quot; .
the draft amendments submitted to the dpa includes law of securing workers &apos; rights of the in as well as the meat industry .
Brandenburg &apos;s Nonnemacher Consumer Protection Minister Ursula ( Grüne hält ) more intensive controls . necessary for
&quot; I would like us to be able to do more in many supervisory areas : food controls , animal welfare , everything possible , including animal transport , &quot; said Nonnemacher on Sunday of the RBB programme &quot; Brandenburg aktuell &quot; .
But controls also require more staff positions .
in dead three crash ultralight aircraft in of Germany
According to the police , three people died in the crash of a Wesel ultralight aircraft into an apartment building in German North Rhine-Westphalia in the federal state .
was child one easily injured .
People another two were rescued in misfortune said the injured , a district control center Wesel the spokesman .
At accident site the one was found parachute , so were police the .
The Rheinische Post &quot; reported &quot; , citing eyewitnesses , that there was a crash before the hot air balloon collided with an aircraft .
The house is a single or a two-family house .
More details were not known at first .
Clearance of Opernplatz Frankfurter run peacefully
After a week in the Frankfurt riots , the evacuation of Opernplatz in the night of Sunday was peaceful .
Finally , some people kept dozens of who left him on place , but started before the clock at 1 curfew .
Police The one was since early evening numerous with in the official , in the operation of entire city area police contingent was larger one to see .
on the first weekend from a midnight for entry ban Opera Square , which had come to riots before a week .
policemen had been attacked out of crowd of celebrating bottles .
five at least officers were damaged police submissions after injured police vehicles several , .
Night The to Saturday was also quiet .
Car boy : Woman at accident Bundesstraße 83 Hofgeismar at injured seriously
In an accident between Schöneberg and a Hümme on the 21-year-old Sunday 13.25 against o &apos;clock injuries seriously suffered .
was taken to the Klinikum Kassel .
With the passengers fire brigade possible .
According to the woman , police were on Bundesstraße 83 in the direction of her home in Hümme as her car , for unexplained hitherto cause of the road and came off several times .
In order to save the accidents , the fire brigade had to save the roof of the free-cutting car .
Unclear Since there was still someone in the vehicle , adjacent the corn field was searched from the turntable ladder with thermal imaging camera one .
Also the drone squadron Warburg , the thermal imaging cameras also involved , works person search which had been ordered for .
However , they did not find the high corn plants between anyone .
The seriously injured man was taken by ambulance to the Kasseler hospital for further care .
50 almost emergency services of the fire brigade Hofgeismar , Hümme and Schöneberg were on site .
It was closed for two hours due to the accident .
Juventus Turin champion Italy in
Turin - redeeming After scoring a Cristiano Ronaldo of Juventus record champion for the Turin time in ninth series has secured the Italian championship .
The team world football team the five times overall made the Scudetto club history 36th of the 2 with one : ( : 1 0 ) 0 at home Sunday night in the against Sampdoria perfect Genoa .
Ronaldo scored 1 to : 0 of the . Half
With 83 Turin points , is last without which the long-injured former national player Sami Khedira competed , before two match days no longer to displace the end of the season A from place one .
The table width Milan is Inter seven points back .
Juventus despite optical was harmless in superiority of the first , half then hit after Ronaldo one with free kick variant last of the action .
A playback Miralem by Pjanic 35-year-olds took advantage of the penalty area limit with a direct flat shot 45 . + ( 7 ) .
Against the now more offensive guests also Ronaldo was involved in : 2 0 , his dusty after Federico shot Bernardeschi 67 .
was thus the lackluster decisive but , assured success .
The foulelfmeter shot at the bar in the minute of the 89th only Ronaldo should with himself look scorer score who have offended on right .
complicated &quot; It is to stay physically and mentally for minutes ball height 90 .
The games are , strangely the momentum and changes &quot; slightly very , coach Maurizio explained after still Sarri the 1 at : 2 Calcio Udinese Thursday .
especially before the mental exhaustion of his was player said the great , Juve coach .
Because of the defeat , the Turin team could not make perfect championship yet .
The ultimately reassuring advantage at the top of the standings Juve was due above all to the weakness of the competitors .
because in games before the eleven game on Sunday of the only Sarri-team victories five succeeded .
Ronaldo also Whether still , scorer king becomes questionable .
While the Portuguese superstar scored 31 goals so far , the former Dortmund immobile Ciro has already scored 34 goals after his three-pack 5 : in the 1 ( 1 ) : 1 fourth place of the Lazio at Rome Hellas Verona - as many , Robert Lewandowski contributed to the title win of FC Bayern .
The record Italy in today &apos;s holds the juve professional . Gonzalo Higuaín
Argentine The season scored in the / 2015 36 goals 2016 for Naples the SSC .
In August waiting for the &quot; Old Lady &quot; Italian of the next football title chance .
Juventus is in the round of 16 , but the Champions League has to face a 0 1 first leg at the Lyon Olympique on August 7 : to make up for Lisbon in the final tournament .
In the knockout round next or Madrid Real City Manchester would wait as an opponent .
Baden-Württemberg : 250 About illegal recorded car races
- Stuttgart All penalties threatened and court rulings Despite giving motorists countless in races on illegal Baden-Württemberg the : Road gas continues year Last year and the four of this first month year , the police have already registered more illegal than 250 car races in the southwest .
Comparative values for previous years that do not exist , but which fast judicial authorities make the increasing : Work In the case between Constance the prosecutors &apos; offices and Mannheim , year in 2018 a total of 155 investigations were conducted for illegal races , year later there were already 151 and 252 in the until the beginning of June .
The fewer races were about organized events , as the answer Interior Ministry request on the one state parliament SPD emerges .
In most cases , the drivers spontaneously competed against each other or they fled from the seized police - this is also indicated as illegal race .
At the wheel sat above men especially at the German 18 age between and years . 60
Fines 113 - times 15 imprisonment
In comparatively only a few cases the and caught Raser Kasse are asked also to : Interior Ministry were imposed sound since a total of 113 2018 and fines 15 imprisonment sentences pronounced .
However , there are no indications of that illegal number of car races .
Rather , other motorists reacted because of several of the accidents tragic processes and past years than before more sensitively indicated and , more often , a said ministerial spokesman .
Especially popular with Rasern Autobahn is the 8 . Drivers brake the traffic there again and again , out of themselves to give space and free track the one to use for races .
Last August there was a driver dozen near that of Kirchheim unter Teck , caught three months earlier there were even riders 18 on A8 of the .
is A81 &quot; most popular &quot; race track
On the A81 , the even police race registers more than on any other highway .
a With speed limit there is tried to slow down the speedsters that are particularly affected between section and narrowness Geisingen .
The and mostly sports high-priced pimped up luxury cars and often have license plates Swiss , because the drivers dodge to the lawn for fast and driving in the car race neighboring country because of the high penalties .
For the SPD , this must not reduce speed limit on a few routes : &quot; With a speed limit of a general 130 out of hour kilometers , we would manage this problem motorways on the body &quot; , says Martin Rivoir , transport expert of the SPD parliamentary group of the
&quot; That would be much faster for inhibition threshold , not higher if you were to travel here and there with 200 legal kilometers per hour and more &quot; .
From enlightenment image campaigns or holds less rivoir : &quot; Who in such a way overrides all rules not and only that , own but life also life the road user of others on , risks is hardly accessible with still reason . &quot;
ADAC calls for stronger police crackdown on the
ADAC On the other hand , this is not enough &quot; We assume that speed limits will not be deterred by those , &quot; says Holger , Head of Department Bach Transport Environment and Württemberg at ADAC .
It also calls for additional and harder routes affected by the controls .
From January and 2019 to April , three nationwide people died in races , two of them in an uninvolved crash at night in downtown Stuttgart and one in Gerlingen .
There in November two young men are said to have delivered a car race .
One of the vehicles came off road , crashed garden wall against and one remained on the side , the 18-year-old passenger died .
21 more people were injured in the past two races . Years
In the opinion , however , punishments sharper ones are not necessary by Interior Minister Thomas Strobl &quot; : Legislative order not to sanction the need for illegal harsh motor vehicle races , &quot; says the paper Ministry of the Interior .
Blue light of July 23 : Burglar thirsty steals drinks from snack
Rohrdorf : Man One on is in Thursday ( Rohrdorf Calw district ) snack in one and has broken in and stolen cash drinks .
A watch against witness 3.40 heard sounds valley road in the and ran towards the snack bar .
he noticed a man there , left at the fridge with served drinks snack and the connection by hitting in the previously an entrance door .
The perpetrator fled direction in that of the snack behind meadows .
Burglar The operated police aloud at a cash register and stole cash low in the three-digit range .
Suspicious He is described as follows : He is about 1.80 to 1.75 meters tall and of stronger . Stature
In fact , he wore a hoodie black black , trousers and light shoes .
Others accept the testimony police .
Ackermann sprints to victory final stage on Sibiu Tour
Professional cyclist Pascal Ackermann won his second victory of the day on the final stage of the 10th of the Sibiu Tour .
The 26-year-old Palatine old Bora-hansgrohe from the team sat on the 109 kilometer long section with start and finish in Sibiu in the mass sprint , after he had already won a stage on Saturday .
The season victories were the three for and four . Ackermann
His Austrian Gregor team-mate Mühlberger prevailed in the overall classification .
The 26-year-old had confidently decided on the morning of the mountain time trial and thus took the lead in the classification .
Only 104 drivers had competed at the final stage evening .
Not less than 18 starters were victims of the time limit in the mountain time trial .
&quot; I &apos;m really happy , season restart that with a victory to begin , &quot; according to Ackermann had explained his success on Saturday .
The sprint &quot; was really hectic , &quot; said the 26-year-old .
before 300 meters he just got sprint , his tightened it &quot; has and also worked perfectly . &quot;
According to the rules UCI World Federation , all of the race participants and their companions were tested six days ago .
During the complete and tour driver caregivers isolated in hygiene bubbles from as well as from organizing team separated the media .
Viewers at the start and not finish were allowed .
Control center instruction on lay resuscitation
Düsseldorf Accident Tragischer - Sonntagmittag Düsseldorf-Garath am . in
In an apartment building a child ( 4 bathing while ) suddenly lay lifeless in the water .
Fire brigade According to an emergency call , it arrived shortly before 13 : 00 .
A control center dispatcher &quot; immediately gave instructions to lay resuscitation to the &quot; fire brigade spokesman , one pledged IMAGE .
The rescue workers took little of the later resuscitation measures .
in The Life Danger Child Floating was resuscitation under which transported in university clinic .
it crashed Why is . unclear
Police routinely investigated the accident .
The fire brigade spokesman We : go &quot; one of tragic accidents in out of apartment &quot; .
Nuremberg : Unapproved tuning meeting - police intervene , 700 vehicles and around 1100 people
Hundreds of cars temporarily and 1000 over Saturday night people participated in tuning meetings a &quot; &quot; parking lot on a furniture store .
She told her police to control such increased events .
A big tuning meeting took place in Nuremberg ( Saturday evening 25 July 2020 ) .
Several hundred vehicles were involved .
According to the police , at around 10.30 p.m. Nürnberger was found by the traffic police increased a vehicle volume of an area in the large parking lot in the Ingolstädter street .
The police then carried out a large number of vehicle inspections there .
only recently the police had announced against wanting to take more action against so-called autoposers .
in Illegales : Nuremberg Tuning meeting Only minor from part of &quot; the &quot; scene
The officials counted among the 700 well top vehicles and 1100 people about accounted for , the police .
is only a small part of the &quot; Autoposer present of the tuning scene &quot; - and .
Apparently , the majority of the relevant scene came after the appeal . Police
Based on the location of the front and vehicles from which people can be assumed that this was mainly about .
In addition , the majority of those present were subject to the infection protection regulations , in particular , compliance with the minimum distance and distance of wording a mouth-nose-protection .
The site before control measures were completed around 1 : 00 a.m .
Altogether officials found 10 structural changes in such a way that the operating permit had expired .
Four of these vehicles had to be secured .
No car races
There were no illegal car races .
The &quot; Police Headquarters of Middle Franconia will continue to keep an eye on what is happening in and continue to carry out , increased control measures also in connection with the advent of onlookers , &quot; it was said .
The agency spoke News5 with Schrödinger Jürgen involved towing company of the &quot; : have all rims beautiful , we must not scratch &quot; so , .
Special tapes would be used for this .
Also because cars are wider , his company must pay attention to not doing any damage .
The young &quot; people should finally get their cars back unscathed &quot; .
Employment agency figures of : 900 suspected cases abuse on in short-time work
Berlin - according to its own statement , the Federal Employment Agency ( BA ) investigates suspected cases of 900 around abuse of short-time work allowance .
This is &quot; as with more companies 880,000 , have indicated the short-time work , extremely little , &quot; said the operative board member Daniel responsible of the Terzenbach &quot; Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung &quot; .
When , at the beginning of the Corona crisis , many companies suddenly applied for short-time work , which had had to react quickly to BA .
Usually the exam lasts up to three to weeks .
So much time was not available in this phase called .
The more precise we will be are the final accounts we look at .
There will certainly be some more .
We are not naive and have a long breath &quot; .
Indications of abuse often come from the affected employees unions or .
In addition , use analysis software to recognize the BA to abuse patterns .
According to itself , the Terzenbach BA prepares for possible insolvency wave one before autumn .
&quot; Will there be significantly more insolvencies than in the previous year ?
Estimates The go apart , but we arm for ourselves that of the case case already train and employees now our in for employment agencies processing applications insolvency money from &quot; .
who are still inconspicuous figures , Terzenbach said .
World Heritage in Potsdam : dissolved in the New Party Garden
On Potsdam Friday evening - about 40 young people celebrated a party in the garden Neuer .
The collection at 20.48 the territorial drivers had been dissolved by the Stiftung Schlösser Preußische Gärten und SPSG ( Stiftung Schlösser Preußische Gärten und SPSG ) , which informed the foundation on PNN request .
The young people then left the park .
On Saturday evening , some would have played rugby newcomers in the youth garden .
Meadow That had been cleared by territorial drivers SPSG spokesman said Frank Kallensee Sunday .
Again and again there are celebrations of illegal parks
In the Parks Foundation , there are always accumulations in which the distance hygiene rules and not COVID-19 contact regulations are complied with .
At the end of June , Babelsberg celebrated about 150 people in the New Garden a week later .
Even without coronary order parks are closed those of the in the dark burglary .
Storage on the according to meadows is park regulations , there are only a few exceptions .
The Foundation has been complaining for some time that , always visitors would destroy garbage more and protected left biotopes .
In the meantime , illegal Berlin Park parties have reached one dimension another .
In the Hasenheide district in Neukölln , 5000 to Sunday people celebrated an illegal one .
The event was dissolved by the police .
Austria : Mass tests after Corona outbreak
Hundreds of authorities have responded with tests to Wolfgang St. , a popular tourist destination in the Corona outbreak in Upper Austria .
Number The confirmed cases rose to 48 , state authorities as reported in Linz .
More than 100 results were still pending in the evening .
many are therefore infected the young interns in tourism companies , even a was tested at least holiday guest positive .
, residents guests and tourism staff were asked to stay in their accommodations on Saturday night .
The curfew was set at 11 p.m .
There are &quot; there and and cancellations &quot; of cancellations bookings , which said tourist board of the boss , Wolfgangsee Hans Wieser the , .
Some guests left prematurely .
St. Wolfgang is the most important tourist resort , Upper Austria than with more overnight stays 400,000 last year .
In one season , about a third of German guests are normal .
On Friday the first infections had become publicly known .
The head , Alois district authority Lanz defended on Saturday the behavior interns of those who could have been celebrated in restaurants several and had become infected there .
&quot; We all liked to do in our youth , &quot; he told the radio station . Ö1
However , on Friday two bars were closed to prevent more . Infections
The one tourism association launched information campaign young to raise awareness of the dangers employees of the COVID-19 .
From Saturday hundreds then were tested by employees , and holidaymakers . Locals
were additionally contacted all guests who were from , July 15th in St. Wolfgang .
It evokes Austrian outbursts of the ski and party resort of Ischgl in Tyrol , the initial phase of the pandemic was one of the corona spread of the center throughout Europe .
In total , 1,500 more people in Austria are currently infected with the virus .
new infections and Vienna Upper Austria .
Premier League Man United : and qualified for Chelsea Champions League
( dpa London ) The football record champion English returns Manchester United after an absence year in the Champions .
The Red Devils secured third place in the League Premier match by defeating City Leicester 0 – 0 .
Foxes They now have to settle for League Europa , which because of FC Chelsea and also passed by for fourth as premier class qualified .
Fight In the against descent Aston was allowed villa . cheer
Manchester led United by a 71st minute penalty kick .
After a Red Card in City Leicester , the Lingard Jesse ( + 90 .
Chelsea , opponent of Champions League round of 16 FC , Bayern won the Wolverhampton Wanderers thanks to Mount Mason ( 45th 1 ) + Olivier and Giroud 45th ( 4 + ) 2 in parallel with : 0 ( 2 : against 0 ) .
&quot; That means a lot to me , &quot; said coach Frank Lampard , who is in , first of his Chelsea coaches as a season also in the final FA of the Arsenal against Cup .
Chelsea &apos;s victory also benefited Wolverhampton against Hotspur Tottenham , who with 1 a meager : ( 1 : 1 ) at 0 still Palace Crystal passed Wolves the sixth and in than the Europe starts League .
Villa Aston won the long-distance duel with Watford and AFC Bournemouth , but West had to tremble at Ham United for a long time .
The late Jack leadership of Grealish ( 84 . ) Yarmolenko equated Andrej 85 .
The 1 : 1 ( 0 ) : was 0 but because , with : Watford 2 lost 3 ( 1 3 : at ) Arsenal .
The club , which shot in the three coaches season , five after first division years .
Just like Bournemouth that , himself : by 3 a 1 ( 2 ) 1 : at the FC no more Everton could save .
missing end Am . a point
Liverpool FC , who has been English champion since June , secured a 3 1 1 : ( 1 ) victory in a Newcastle United club record .
99 counters are the highest , worth the Reds who have ever scored a football season .
Klopp Jürgen missed the English football coach with only his team .
She holds best score Manchester with points City of the 100 in season 2017 18 . /
After the Newcastle lead in the first minute Virgil ( van Dijk Divock 38 . ) , Origi 59 . ( Sadio ) and ( Mané 89 . ) game the Sunday on for . Liverpool
&quot; For this wonderful club , one season it was extraordinary , &quot; said goalscorer Dijk van after , the game &quot; which should spur us to defend the title .
&quot; It will be difficult .
are likely to be satisfied in the end the . Premier League bosses
Due to the Coronavirus crisis , football operations in England were interrupted from 13 March to 17 June .
In the meantime even abortion was discussed a premature or a holding of remaining of the neutral games on the ground .
In the end , however , the season could be played without any special events to the end - as in Germany without spectators in .
Arrests violence demonstrations and against Netanyahu
The protests in Israel against Prime Minister Netanyahu are becoming increasingly violent .
In the night of violent clashes took place .
Police is Israeli Those of Sunday &apos;s night Jerusalem to take action against Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in participants against a violent demonstration right-wing conservatives .
Twelve people were arrested for participating in riots , shared with police spokesman . Micky Rosenfeld
Among other things , the police used water cannons to dissolve the rally .
According to media reports , Netanyahu &apos;s official headquarters gathered around Saturday evening in the nearby people .
They protested unemployment against corruption , dealing with and with Netanyahu &apos;s Corona crisis .
The protesters , drums blew in horns and called for Netanyahu to resign .
There were also arrested a participant counter-demonstration who had been Netanyahu , supported news site the reported &quot; ynet &quot; .
Also in many other places in Israel demonstrated people , including the villa of the private head of government in coastal city of Caesarea and a park in Tel in .
Man One was arrested after after being arrested in Tel near Aviv suspected of having sprayed a moving pepper spray car at the protesters on roadside .
Another man was arrested after a stabbing attack on demonstrators in the country south .
The neck was slightly injured .
In Jerusalem Tel and Aviv there have recently been several Netanyahu demonstrations .
Rallies accompany the corruption process against the head of government .
Most recently Netanyahu was also criticized handling because of his . Corona crisis
Among other things , he reproaches hasty lack and prepares a second on . Corona wave
The Corona crisis has put the economy country heavily .
This was the last unemployment rate of more than 20 percent .
The number of new infections with Coronavirus Israel in has recently risen to ever new . Record values
( Accident Ahlen ) NRW - Transporter auf kracht - Auto - neun Verletzte - Bild.de Ruhrgebiet
Ahlen - rear-end collision demanded Ein on Saturday afternoon who injured nine at Ahlen on B58 .
A driver was one with her children both 3 ( , 5 ) direction in Beckum .
The police : &quot; Probably she had suddenly slowed down because she wanted to turn off . &quot;
That must have seen drivers of the Mercedes transporter one behind which drove her , late too well .
He crashed on the back of the car .
In the event of an accident , the three occupants were slightly injured in the car and six in transporters .
Several ambulances took her to an surrounding hospital .
North Korea closes off border town Corona suspected case
North Korea in hitherto saw the measures own to ward off one of the coronavirus shining &quot; success &quot; .
Now , for the first time , the country is reporting a suspected case .
Because of an official first in the case of Corona suspicion , country North Korea has completely sealed off fear of a major city out of catastrophe .
Despite the strictest epidemiological defensive measures in the past six &quot; months , malignant virus could have been introduced into the country &quot; reported the state media .
For the Kaesong border town around the region , the state of emergency had been imposed .
communist leadership That called the alarm level highest .
Should the suspected case be confirmed , it would be the case of infection official first Sars-CoV-2 with in sealed off the .
so far , according to North Korea , not a single one and infection had registered as defensive measures described its &quot; luminous success . &quot;
Information was doubted abroad .
Symptoms of disease According to reports , a &quot; &quot; outlier was found to have crossed the 19th illegal military demarcation line on July and between South North Korea .
The person himself three before had left after years South Korea and had now returned across border .
For the still and largely military mined within four border crossings of the kilometers wide , buffer zone there was no initial confirmation from South Korea .
South Korea &apos;s military , however , according to reports by the national Yonhap news agency , allowed the possibility of a North Korea illegal border crossing to be high .
Some people were examined for this purpose .
North Korea , according to its own , on suspicion of Saturday presiding over an emergency meeting of the Politburo Workers Party under ruler Kim Jong Un .
The &quot; dangerous situation in could cause Kaesong a destructive deadly and catastrophe &quot; .
Kim had already taken action Friday as preventive , &quot; ordered Kaesong to completely block everyone and district region and isolate from others too &quot; it continued .
Those affected , as well as all the people in who had Kaesong contact with her , had been quarantined .
The military commission is to investigate the party &apos;s &quot; &quot; as well as outbreak the responsible behavior of the military unit hard and if necessary .
According to estimates , about 300,000 people live in Kaesong .
Tension before Council meeting City-Ost : and noise protection are still under discussion before summer break
In addition to environmental issues &quot; , the committee members will vote among other things on the development plan major project inner-city development-east &quot; , it is rather said in the casual middle part of the next municipal press release municipal council meeting on Tuesday 28 , July , at 16.30 in the clock of the Great Hall Pforzheim Congress Center .
especially the upgrading city of the eastern is controversial until the end .
The majority for this , scarce in recent committees are individual depending on even negative presence .
One out of the appeal economy construction ( real estate , , and IT trade that ) , citizenship of the then developed and by administration municipal council and project now not after almost years ten now preparation fail , criticized project opponent &quot; Reinhard as Klein opposition , &quot; extra-parliamentary &quot; &quot; unsuspecting speculation &quot; , &quot; &quot; denigration and &quot; &quot; deliberate false statements &quot; .
Everyone &quot; thinks he knows better &quot; Klein , according to the member of the municipal council for a single year representative of the citizens &apos; list Pforzheim .
In fact , after he was reading contracts in : &quot; Position this , I know what I &apos;m talking about &quot; .
The exit comes that the city cheaper the technical town hall is contrary to statements of the city administration after subsidies , whose existence is convinced of Klein to renovate 8.5 for million euros .
City That will develop quite differently than one predicts in the town hall and on the part of the proponents of out .
The city own by force not and investor one to that is to shape : his plan day B. One after small the FDP put / FW UB / / LED fraction that the , also refuses plans alternative concept , before .
It also essentially envisages refurbishment of the technical of the town hall openness , the castle mountain of the rental , the ex-valley of the administrative areas for a and small-scale ideal case downtown redesign with local in the carrier .
Environmental issues play a central role
In addition , an environmental issue will play a central role . Role
among other things , the local council will vote on the noise action plan .
This various to include measures to protect the Pforzheimer from population health , caused by noise pollution road traffic the underneath , often .
In a press release , the German Transport Club welcomes the widespread introduction of Die 30 . politisch Stadt Verantwortlichen der in sind aber unschuldig nicht , dass dies , so kommen muss weil sie durch des Vernesigung ausgedünnten Linienbusverkehr mit und Takten durch wenig für Engagement die Radverkehr zu erst Increase des der der massiven Autoverkehrs und damit Lärms des haben , beigetragen der . VCD
also the one about municipal council coordinates the participation city energy of the climate protection agency and Pforzheim / ab Enzkreis .
is also on the agenda Accession of the Climate Protection Pact to the state , Baden-Württemberg which redefines parental contributions in the and day-care facilities urban which in application for admission the smart city funding federal .
Citizens are welcome but must heed Corona &apos;s protective measures .
Tim Zimmermann starts the new season with a lot of delay
With almost half a delay year starts at Tim Zimmermann 31st in his July premiere season in the Masters GT ADAC .
Before league the supercars regular the start operation , test drives can now stand the first .
Zimmermann For it was mainly about getting to know his Lamborghini GT3 Huracan closer .
The long Corona crisis has prevented time that carpenter Tim was able to attack his in the first new company Lamborghini of Huracan Racing Grasser .
special under hygiene conditions . this is now possible
Langenargener Der turned 23-year-old was able to make his first laps on the Lausitzring and get used to his premiere in the GT3 car .
&quot; There are already a few things that are different from the Porsche &quot; preseason , says . Zimmermann
With &quot; ABS it is necessary to go example differently to in curves .
it really But it was a lot of fun . &quot;
Zimmermann also had fun with Steijn Schothorst , with whom he will share his orange sports car GT Masters in .
The Dutchman is despite his only 25 already experienced in the year and GT Sport new could help his many team-mate things in .
&quot; I &apos;m not a beginner in motorsport but new ones , every series brings new challenges with it , &quot; says Zimmermann .
Steijn &quot; I and ourselves are dazzling and we have also made progress from session to session . &quot;
Exactly - there at the - Lausitzring GT , the Masters race will also be his first .
33 supercars will race through Lusatia from July 31 .
Zimmermann , who is 15 of one , knows the track .
In 2015 he was a guest at Motodrom .
&quot; It worked fast I and little had to get to me the track , &quot; says Zimmermann , who starts for the Friedrichshafen Zeppelin racing community .
&quot; The fast Lausitzring has many passages , you have to meet them quickly to be &quot; .
fast As then really carpenter , this turns out in two weeks .
&quot; The poker teams with of course the tests a little , &quot; he says .
&quot; Finally we are satisfied but very happy and look forward to the first weekend at &quot; Lausitzring .
Race in The Brandenburg which will be prelude to densely crowded a calendar .
Seven races are scheduled until the beginning of November .
, Currently stand is none that will be admitted to viewers but - there is a prominent guest .
In mid-August Nürburgring am wird Niko Ex-Formula 1 driver Hülkenberg ins . GT steering wheel grab
British caught cold by transport minister quarantine decision
Decision The British of having to quarantine the government after Spain holidaymakers return their weeks two , transport minister according to the press reports country of the cold .
Accordingly , Grant is currently on holiday in Shapps Spain , his colleagues while at home on Saturday decided to take action .
Due to the rise in Spain again Corona figures the cabinet in London removed from the country list of those of the countries that can enter without a quarantine requirement .
The new rule applies today , Sunday will be so that Shapps will have to quarantine even after his return .
In Austria has also imposed the quarantine measures government for returnees .
But the regulation applies to those who are just on , holiday deadline only that from Saturday , August 1 was introduced and over not night .
By the way , Spain is still considered one of the &quot; safe &quot; countries in Austria , which is not needed for quarantine in Austria .
Numerous ministers &quot; in advance , there is a possibility that a quarantine will be imposed on holidaymakers Spain &quot; , commented the Labour deputy .
&quot; But apparently nobody bothered the , Shapps Grant &quot; to say .
Almost a month after the end of Spain in Corona emergency and the expiration of the curfew , the number of infections increases again in the country .
before virologists nightlife make all that responsible for new spread the .
Spain is one of the favourite holiday countries of the British .
The government of the British is currently advising against unnecessary travel to mainland Spain , British Canary Islands , which are and are particularly popular with holidaymakers .
So far in Spain more than 272,000 infections with the coronavirus novel more and 28,000 as registered dead .
Russia of the Navy : Day announces : Putin for hypersonic weapons warships
Russian President Vladimir Putin has announced on Marine Day in his one country of equipping warships with the most modern .
With these weapons unique in the world would combat the Russian of the expanded naval forces , Putin said in Sunday at St. Petersburg at central .
Ministry of Defense According to the agency , Interfax also informed about the successful tests built the navy for hypersonic rocket .
They have a multiple speed of sound of around 343 seconds per metre .
They are considered weapons of the future .
Underwater tropedeo continues to be built
It was also built on the atomic underwater torpedo , Poseidon .
The planned is sea drone for the destruction of coastal targets .
The , president also of even one with , military boat sailed said that only this in 40 year ships new would be put into service with individual fleet associations of the largest of the country earth .
Russia has a coastal area just like great other no country world of .
300 For years Marine protected Russia said reliably Putin that at sailors of celebrated nationwide . Day
at many Also Russian other coastal towns the naval forces celebrated the day with naval parades .
In Syria Russia where , alongside ruler al-Assad Bashar , the military demonstrated that one at arms show in the Tartus Mediterranean port of .
There too . Ammunition fired
One could be seen in the published defense ministry video only not warships underneath , submarine one but also combat helicopter jets and .
Hurricane &quot; Texas Hanna Reached &quot; : Help complicated by Corona
- Washington &apos;s first hurricane season this year &apos;s across Atlantic Texas has encountered land .
Floods life-threatening strong , winds violent and rainfall now threatened parts of the US state , the hurricane center National NOAA told the US climate authority the night to Sunday ( ) local time .
Governor Greg Abbott for numerous districts proclaimed a state of emergency .
The rampant Texas Corona pandemic work severed the helpers of , Abbott aloud continued to say US media .
called for evacuees Caution
&quot; Everyone is hurricane enormous a challenge , &quot; Abbott said newspaper according to the &quot; Houston . Chronicle &quot;
Looking at the cyclone in Texas , he added : &quot; This challenge is complicated and is exacerbated , considering that it sweeps in territory that is most affected by the COVID-19 territory &quot; .
According to John Hopkins University , the Corona pandemic has killed 5,000 people in Texas alone .
Abbott called caution to people who had to leave the houses .
You should disregard practices &quot; to which we have become accustomed &quot; , not wearing masks , which Governor told the station according to CBS .
It is important all that kept distance .
Therefore , places in some were also provided hotel rooms .
In addition , emergency shelters in should be tested on Corona .
damage had initially only been reported from the Port coastal town of Mansfield .
Storm warning withdrawn again
With wind speeds of up to 150 to per kilometer hour , Hanna was &quot; hit &quot; on the island of Padre immediately off the coast of Texas .
The tropical storm had previously been upgraded to the lowest one level hurricane .
For that of coastal section Port Mansfield until Sargent had been withdrawn a first storm surge warning and later issued .
a government expected weakening , &quot; while &quot; Hanna moved inland and headed for the northeast of Mexico .
&quot; &quot; Douglas moves to Hawaii
In the Pacific , &quot; Hurricane Douglas &quot; was in the direction of Sunday at night with wind speeds of about 150 kilometers per hour .
Hurricane Center That expected , however , that it would continue to weaken .
According to the forecast , it is said to be the largest in Hawaii on Sunday ( local time near the islands ) - its storm then as just below .
Over the Atlantic , this NOAA expected an active hurricane season after a year predicting an above-average May .
June From the end of November is expected to be up to ten hurricanes , could be up to six very strong cyclones , the declared authority .
In the year per the six over Atlantic hurricanes , three of them develop into major storms strength .
Given available and climate data of the higher water temperature in the Atlantic of the Caribbean and probability normal the season of one is only 30 percent , one the below average even ten was only at , percent it at that time .
US President Donald wrote to Trump Twitter that storms his exact administration that is observing and that is in contact with those affected in states .
Four : Video assistant &quot; Sassuolo &quot; punished
Sassuolos Filip Djuricic equal two goals were revoked
- Naples Four scored goals , goals revoked four Calcio Sassuolo : experienced at 0 : ( 2 0 : ) at SSC 1 Naples Italian in the series Football League A a raven black - evening and was angry right at the video assistant referees of the .
&quot; A given non festival goals Sassuolo for .
Never before has the hard VAR taken action against the team , &quot; commented Corriere dello Sport .
Host Naples had taken the lead by goal of defender Elseid in Hisaj minute of the 8th , the 32nd in minute initially cheered Filip Djuricic balancing the .
The video assistant VAR Referee ( took hit ) one because of offside position . back
Five minutes later Djuricic shot Ball again into the net - again the grip VAR .
Also from attackers ( Francesco Caputo 50 . ) Domenico and Berardi ( ) 61 .
In extra time the made Allan 2 0-final score : for and Naples bitter for evening the Sassuolo .
&quot; The VAR is for worse Sassuolo than a radar trap on punished road of and like Sassuolo team none .
new technology The records ensures &quot; for the writes &quot; dello Sport Gazzetta &quot; .
Bayern FC Pavard Munich : injured
Munich dpa ( ) - The start into the hot preparation phase for the champions began for League Bayern double winner FC setback with one .
after the short one holiday and a few &quot; training days reasonably good &quot; Hansi Flick has to recover first after team training after he thinks about how , who can rebuild his successful defense from injury Pavard Benjamin world champion .
The , Frenchman of Manuel behind Captain Neuer and Joshua Kimmich midfielder third most of the minutes of deployment , has suffered a band injury of the left foot root and threatens in royal class duels to be decisive missing .
Munich In the dirty weather , he broke a right-back training game and was driven off with a golf kart course .
long How regular player who has to pause for the title in the unrestricted fight is open .
A round of 16 rematch against FC at Chelsea 8 is likely to be difficult for August , on August 12 in the beginning final tournament Lisbon the 24-year-old can hope .
Bavaria They do not want to be stopped by the mishap training from the Sunday .
Flick in personal of his triple formula called three the attributes from which he wants to see his stars on their way to the capital of Portugal .
, quality intensity and its should show concentration victorious title collectors in the ideally following to 28 days premier class final on August 23rd .
&quot; We have mastered the championship cup with mandatory tasks and simple .
Now it is important to create something special that said , &quot; Flick .
Until the Munich final tournament and the previously training camp can deal concretely with one in the Algarve , however , the eighth final duty is first the Chelsea against FC .
the 3 After : 0 first leg before in the Corona break of the should Londoners in the non-domestic arena like lost in the &quot; dahoam &quot; final again in 2012 to the Bavaria nightmare .
&quot; We have to go through the door first .
We want to win , create good conditions and refuel with confidence good a game , &quot; Flick demanded .
A test match against Olympique Marseille is due on Friday .
With a long speech Flick had sworn his stars who , after the 13 double days holiday , had a unique on August .
31 players he welcomed on the , Säbener Straße also the among them new players Leroy um Edel-Einkauf , Sané who for the first time met his after changing Manchester from City all colleagues new to the place .
&quot; Leroy like all the newcomers fit in well &quot; , reported . Flick
instead of But they talk about new season too , if Co . Sané &amp; more are not allowed to train only talked , much Flick rather current the title project about the German .
After days of small group training individual and is now trained in team strength for the Londoners , in contrast to Flick ensemble to the playing rhythm are in .
After that , the one quarter-finals against Munich could be ahead of FC Barcelona and Lionel Messi in the Real Semifinals Madrid , Manchester City Juventus or .
Away to the Lisbon final in &quot; is not so easy , &quot; stressed head coach who from Tuesday , can rely on services the new assistants of his Miroslav Klose in training .
The World Cup record scorer Klose and know from Flick so tournament preparation some more common , what depends on it 0-on-100-attunement of the .
With team of his current that is a work &quot; &quot; enjoyment praised . , Flick
The &quot; focus on winning &quot; is one of his impressive .
At the tournament , nine-man teams also went ambitious on Sunday .
Thiago defenseman and David Alaba , who is willing to emigrate , were among the top performers of all of them .
Formula That needs 1 , special rule one to select their world champion
Since on the undemanded number driven on continents , the FIA may need to improvise to award the World Championship titles .
All American races were cancelled .
racing calendar is becoming more and more concrete
The current Formula One season form of the race calendar continues .
To date , further race tracks have been added to the ten Prix confirmed Grand during the three week .
In October on will be driven in Germany Nürburgring and in Portimão Portuguese .
On November first Hamilton Lewis and Co. will fight on the Italian in for traditional race track Imola .
Thus , the race calendar comprises 13 races after 2020 .
We &quot; are pleased to continue to make great progress in completing our 2020 season plans , &quot; said Carey Chase .
Altogether in the extraordinary season of this 15 18 to be completed in races of the Motorsports premier class .
Formula 1 wants to complete the season their in Asia .
The final race calendar coming in and fixed weeks will be published .
Before officially already the targeted races Bahrain in Abu and Dhabi could take place in December according to media reports appearances still Vietnam in and Malaysia November end .
Regulations requires races on continents three
The regulations of Formula 1 which requires award for World Championship but at least race continents on three .
Also , as if currently , planned only two driven on continents , there will be one world champion .
with the help of a special rule , the FIA wants to award the titles on the basis of &quot; extraordinary circumstances due to &quot; coronavirus pandemic of the .
The traditional start to the season Australia in had to face due to March corona crisis of the onset .
A return on continent this year is not one .
In addition , Formula 1 this year will not be a guest in America .
Brazil encounters criticism in rejection
Due to the corona situation , the races will tense Canada in , the USA Mexico Brazil and will not take place .
We look forward to being back in the next season , &quot; said Carey .
The rejection of the America race met with criticism especially Brazil Die &quot; : came for us rejection not surprisingly , but we can not accept the reasons for it &quot; said Tamas Rohonyi , , the promoter Grand Prix São in Paulo .
According to the infection figures , São Paulo is significantly lower than in other regions . Brazil
Concerns Some teams in Brazil , not driving too , would not want to justify rejection .
One is prepared for demanded security measures .
: Evil Greta Thunberg against view Donald Trump went around the world
Greta spoke to Thunberg about her meeting with US President . Trump Donald
Thunberg Greta was known in the Latenight show Stephen Colbert by videotaping guest and betraying interview in what she had in meeting with Donald Trump .
Klimaatkivistin Thunberg Greta per was video switch to a guest in popular .
among her among others against fighting powerful of the world told her .
also talked about her famous &quot; evil eye at &quot; her encounter with Donald Trump .
New City York - the In the past two years , climate activist Greta drew attention to the Fridays For &quot; Future &quot; movement with her Thunberg tireless commitment .
Now she spoke in a well-known latenight show about her plans of the future as well as her meeting with US President Donald Trump last year at the UN climate summit .
Latenight presenter Colbert Stephen 17-year-old welcomed the Thunberg Tuesday broadcast of yours in introduced and longer interview with .
she spoke not only about her fight against climate change , but also about her conflict with the powerful of the world .
&quot; There are some who , things surprised me &quot; she said .
&quot; How far people go , the focus of steering from away to climate crisis , &quot; she shook .
&quot; Everything from organized to hate campaigns , threats just because a group of children on the streets &quot; she experienced .
and leading heads of state silence the politicians , social media in them or against mocking even them to try , they find &quot; funny since they show her the reactions , since they have &quot; others no answer to it &quot; .
It became particularly interesting for the end interview , when Greta Thunberg was addressed to a well-known scene in which Trump threw US president after a bitter evil look .
At the UN Climate Summit 2019 in New York , which for the nude goddess sailed across the Atlantic , her expressive view cameras that have been caught since then and countless seen by Internet people in the .
the short clip GIF was created , so image animated one that ultimately became one of the most commonly used images for Trump opponents .
But what did 17-year-old think of the US president at this moment ?
To Stephen &apos;s relatively open question , Colbert only answered briefly and &quot; To be dry : honestly , I think that does not require further explanation &quot; .
The satirist had probably not counted experienced Colbert briefly and disappeared laughing from the picture .
With &quot; her dare How ? you speech on &quot; the principles of climate protection she remembered in many ways at the climate conference .
Ex-Dortmund real estate with pack of three for Rome Lazio
Ciro im lies Immobile Race for Europe now Golden Shoe on Bavaria with Lewandowski Robert .
The Dortmund former Immobile Ciro continues to have the best chance of becoming Italian in top scorer of the football championship .
The former BVB professional contributed three goals in the : 1 5 ( 1 : 1 ) victory of Lazio at Rome Verona Hellas , among them two penalties turned the halves of both in extra times .
This means that the 30-year-old of the season , who finished two 34 goals from before the fourth round of the season , has his account - many also achieved Lewandowski Robert FC from Bayern Munich in the past Bundesliga season .
In Italy Cristiano follows with Ronaldo 30 so far goals , the superstar met Portuguese one with the still leader evening Sampdoria .
Fleetwood Mac co-founder Peter Green died
His was like life a rollercoaster ride one : After rapid ascent Mac Fleetwood it went downhill steeply and then slowly up again .
Now the blues rock guitarist died at the age of 73 at Peter Green .
Guitarist Genialer Drogen-Junkie , , : Kult-Anhänger Der der Band Mitgründer Fleetwood , Mac Peter Green ist , tot .
He died at the age of 73 in peaceful sleep , Saturday on the family members officially informed one in statement one , more for statement would be announced the next few days .
Top musicians like Peter Green Frampton praised as blues - the one best rock guitarist and .
Fleetwood Mick spoke in a reaction emotional one of monumental &quot; loss &quot; for all previous and current members band Fleetwood Mac .
Drummer The Fleetwood of the and Green guitarist had meanwhile founded the long legendary band in 1967 in London , today until his is unforgettable instrumental hit &quot; dreamy albatross . &quot;
The life of the &quot; ( End The Of The , Game &quot; &quot; The In Skies &quot; ) resembled a rollercoaster ride .
Mac With Fleetwood Green experienced a rapid rise the band ’ s greatest celebrated their successes but without it .
There should have been , among other things , dispute because , profits Green who wanted all group charitable for donations .
He began to perform in garments and wide crucifix large .
Psychological problems should also play a role .
Three years after the founding of the Green , the band left in 1970 .
A social one followed . Descent
The blues rock guitarist suffered from drug abuse schizophrenia as well as and biographers , reported .
For a long time in Green was treated the psychiatry .
During most of the years of the 1970s , musicians disappeared from the scene .
He temporarily lived on the street , cemetery gardeners as worked and spent some time in an Israeli kibbutz .
Green was born in 1946 as Green in the Jewish working-class family of a London district .
Already young he was enthusiastic about US blues musicians like Muddy B.B. King and Waters .
At the age of eleven he first learned the guitar handles .
At the age of 15 , the teenage guitar began to play professionally and five years later got the chance to stand on the stage as lead guitarist for the B instrumental band &apos; Peter s Looners .
was later little engaged for his replacement Idol Eric at Bluesbreakers Clapton .
In the middle of the blues boom , Green founded his McVie and Fleetwood John in the summer of Fleetwood 1967 Mac with Bluesbreakers colleague Mick .
The composed by Green Song Albatross gave the group the first number 1 hit in the winter of 69 1968 and catapulted it to the top of the British music scene .
But the rapid rise soon showed : his dark sides endured media hype the green , not his drug with experiments of the LSD became more and more extreme .
Life The music and between addiction he once commented later one in : Interview &quot; What &apos;s worst , life happened to me in are the , - the best drugs , one was number 1 hit to land &quot; .
Towards the end of the decade , Green succeeded unexpectedly in 1979 in an album inspired by religious themes .
Fleetwood meanwhile without Mac swam him in formation newer on a wave of success .
In 1977 their &quot; Rumours Album sold more than 40 million copies worldwide .
Despite small solo successes Green did not make a comeback , bigger until he started in 1996 a new friend with a group of musicians .
The British daily &quot; Telegraph &quot; at that time spoke to a rock star returning from Earth .
Free Drugs from Green released with Peter Green of Splinter some group up albums , which disbanded band in 2004 .
Music experts For him , lifetime was already a blues legend - with and his gentle sound of the most influential decades of guitarists .
