Biker reacts lightning-fast and prevents worse
On Friday evening , a traffic accident occurred on the road between Machtolsheim and Merklingen in which a motorcyclist was only slightly injured in his quick reaction .
Motorist overlooks biker
A 44-year-old motorist wanted to turn left with her VW from Merklingen on the state road unk towards unk at around 9.30 p.m .
She overlooked the 24-year-old , unk motorcyclist coming from Nellingen .
In the collision hand and foot brake levers fly away
The biker tried to avoid the car , but still unk it at the rear of the vehicle .
Due to the stripping process , the Suzuki unk hand and foot brake lever were demolished and the unk was no longer able to brake .
At present , he steered his motorcycle in the green stiffnesses next to the road and let it roll out there without falling .
Biker suffers leg injury
Due to the collision with the car , the unk suffered an injury to the Bei and had to be treated in a clinic unk .
Mamming unk corona mass infection : 174 harvesters infected
After a corona mass infection on a large vegetable farm in unk mamming , almost 500 people are under quarantine and are allowed to leave unk operation more .
A security service monitors the ban .
A total of 174 unk unk tested positive for the Corona pathogen Sars-CoV-2 during the series examination , as the district office unk announced on Saturday evening .
&quot; In order to further spread , we unfortunately have to take this step to protect the population , &quot; explained unk Werner Bumeder ( CSU ) .
Previously , seven employees had already become infected in the company - this unk the occasion of the unk series test
The unk is a large vegetable farm that grows strawberries , cucumbers , cabbage and beetroot - but the cucumbers only for inlay glasses .
Mamming is a rural community with a good 3,300 inhabitants unk von Dingolfing with its large BMW plant .
Bumeder appealed to the citizens to keep calm : &quot; According to our information it is a closed group of people &quot; .
On the unk infected were separated from uninfected employees , the site unk now surrounded by a barrier fence .
Greens and SPD shared responsibility for the unk .
The two opposition factions accused Prime Minister Markus Söder ( CSU ) and his cabinet of simply neglecting the control of seasonal workers &apos; shelters .
&quot; This can take revenge if such local infection events have to be ordered unk and regional lockdowns , &quot; said Jürgen Mistol , the parliamentary unk of the Greens .
The unk similar to the SPD unk : &quot; unk have already demanded a unk for farms with harvesters after the Corona outbreak in the Wiesenhof slaughterhouse unk Mai , &quot; said environmental expert Florian von Brunn .
&quot; In our view , the hygiene conditions at the workplace in particular and the living conditions must be monitored sharply .
This obviously did not happen . &quot;
The outbreak came unk &quot; unk announcement &quot; .
Underground station Aidenbachstraße : Dangerous dispute : 19-year-old falls into the track bed after Schubser
In a dispute between two youth groups at the underground station Aidenbachstraße , a 19-year-old fell through a Schubser unk slipped into the track bed .
Obersendling - On Friday there was a dispute between two youth groups at the underground station Aidenbachstraße at about 16.15 o &apos;clock .
A passer-by alerted the police , who approached with several stripes .
According to the first investigation , a Munich ( unk ) pushed an unk unk floor unk
The young man slipped over the platform edge and into the track bed .
People from the 17-year-old group helped the fallen man climb out of the track .
There was no danger from an entering railway .
Like the unk unk , there were again disputes between the unk people unk
The unk fled the scene , but his unk could be determined in retrospect .
In unk of his father he went to unk police inspection 29 .
Against the 17-year-old becomes unk because of bodily injury .
Report : Seehofer unk on longer data retention
Data retention is currently suspended .
Federal Minister of the Interior Horst Seehofer calls for an extension of the storage period unk
He wants to strengthen the fight against child abuse .
Federal Minister of the Interior Horst Seehofer ( CSU unk calls for an extended data retention after a media report - instead of unk planned ten weeks unk half a year .
As the &quot; Bild am Sonntag &quot; reports , unk Seehofer Minister of Justice Christine unk ( SPD ) unk a letter about a quick amendment to the law .
Seehofer unk therefore unk the unk against child abuse intensify .
He thinks it makes sense to &quot; make urgently needed adjustments to the law already now &quot; , quotes the newspaper from the letter .
Data retention is currently suspended .
There will be a decision unk ECJ on this unk .
Seehofer , however , wants unk beforehand , so that unk could be applied immediately after a possible positive verdict , the report continues .
A spokesman for the Ministry of Justice said to unk Zeitung that it could only be sensibly examined whether legal adjustments were required if the courts had decided .
In the fight against child abuse and child pornography , Seehofer unk had already spoken out with the interior ministers unk Länder in June for data retention .
NBA : Stripclub trouble for clipper star Lou Williams
unk in the NBA !
Lou Williams ( 33 ) , Los Angeles Clippers basketball pro , unk the tournament district unk Disney World unk Orlando / Florida with permission to have a funeral unk .
According to US media reports , he visited the strip club &quot; Magic City &quot; in Atlanta in the evening .
unk , unk the visit according to ESPN information should be admitted unk , is back in isloation , is tested daily on COVID-19 .
His reason for the visit : Chicken Wings .
In February last year , &quot; Sweet unk &quot; , as he is called in the NBA , has already expressed his love for exactly unk wings .
The American unk : unk Magic City and Blue Flame ( an unk strip club in Atlanta unk unk usually ) have the best wings in town &quot; .
NBA insider Shams Charania announced on Twitter on Sunday that NBA Williams had quarantined for ten days .
Thus , the clipper star misses the first unk official unk after the test game phase .
In Disney World , the NBA wants to play the Corona season .
unk , the best 22 teams prepare unk unk for the season finale , which begins in the night of Friday .
Söder unk himself unk mass infectious sound to the Corona location
Munich - Health Minister Melanie Huml ( CSU ) has already announced a test offensive for large farms on Sunday .
unk press conference will be shown live on our homepage .
The unk in Mamming in the district Dingolfing-Landau unk authorities and politics startled unk
Almost 500 unk from several countries are currently working on the large vegetable farm , and more than a third have been infected with unk corona pathogens .
The farm is now under quarantine and is closed with a fence .
No one is allowed to leave the unk unk food will be delivered .
The authorities now offer free corona tests to the 3,300 inhabitants of the community .
Since the harvesters had unk unk unk unk unk population , unk Landratsamt assumes so far that unk infections have not spread beyond the farm unk
unk remorse &quot; : confession of the alleged arsonist of Nantes
&quot; My client was cooperative , &quot; lawyer Quentin Chabert told the newspaper .
The defender added : &quot; unk unk unk deeds very much , the confession was for him a liberation &quot; .
His mandate was plagued by remorse and taken away by the extent of unk destruction . &quot;
unk In case of conviction , according to the prosecutor &apos;s office , the man is threatened with ten years imprisonment and a fine of 150,000 euros .
The Gothic St. Peter and Paul Cathedral in Nantes unk last night on Saturday in a fire severely damaged unk .
The fire broke out in three separate places in the church .
Laboratory tests unk the suspicion of arson unk
The now imprisoned unk had been arrested just a few hours after the fire .
He was released after a day .
The unk works as a volunteer for the diocese of Nantes and was responsible for the closure of the cathedral on the eve of the fire .
Since there was no trace of a violent penetration unk the church , he quickly came into the spotlight of the investigators .
Discuss abolition unk 50 + 1 rule
Former DFB President Reinhard Grindel has recommended thinking about the abolition of unk 50 + 1 rule .
&quot; unk football should at least discuss setting conditions and unk rules for unk investors before the EU Commission creates fait accompli , &quot; said Grindel of &quot; Bild am Sonntag &quot; .
He stressed : &quot; For the clubs that can most likely become dangerous unk and Dortmund , unk unk + 1 rules do not work anyway : see Leipzig unk Leverkusen unk
In this respect , unk um unk debate cannot avoid whether unk is not unk , associations that want to use this phalanx unk to facilitate the involvement of investors &quot; unk
But he has doubts unk whether it is in the German Football League the willingness unk to allow majority shareholdings , which are unk in the Bundesliga by unk 50 + 1 rule unk
&quot; It remains a legal risk , in a European unk investment fence around the business location Bundesliga unk unk &quot; , said Grindel unk
The former DFB boss sees the danger that &quot; the attempts to ensure more competitive balance in unk Bundesliga unk in the end only weaken the unk of our unk at European level , unk no longer lead to more tension in the unk &quot; .
Even an equal distribution of TV money would not have a decisive effect unk .
&quot; FC Bayern generates sales of 750 million euros , Borussia Dortmund unk unk million and RB Leipzig of 300 million unk
So the unk are already immense among the first three clubs .
The other 15 clubs have an average household of 130 unk , &quot; explained the 58-year-old .
Looking at the past , Grindel feels betrayed .
&quot; Unfortunately , there were people who noticed this mistake and pierced the press to talk to me about it , &quot; unk said about accepting an expensive watch that led to his resignation in April 2019 .
&quot; I was already very busy humanly &quot; .
The gift worth about 11,000 euros unk he received from a Ukrainian official .
unk I committed a compliance violation , and it was right to draw the consequences from it , &quot; said Grindel .
&quot; I dealt with the ominous watch gift completely transparently and unsuspecting .
Many knew about it in the unk &quot; .
He never &quot; made a secret of the gift , &quot; assured the 58-year-old .
unk unk may be called naive , unk this form of transparency was the complete opposite of corruption &quot; .
&quot; Black Lives Matter &quot; : Injured and a Dead
unk protests against police violence in the United States have escalated again through Donald Trump &apos;s use of unk federal police in several cities .
On Saturday there were clashes between demonstrators and police officers in various cities .
In Louisville , three people were injured and 16 arrested .
In Austin unk unk person killed by shots while a demonstration train just crossed unk intersection .
Previously , it was unk Portland during protests against unk and police violence again to collisions unk .
The security forces , including officials from the federal police , set tear gas unk during the night unk Saturday and forcibly dispersed demonstrators .
Hundreds , some of the armed demonstrators unk on the unk through Louisville in Kentucky and demanded that those responsible for the death of Breonna Taylor be pulled to the unk .
The 26-year-old student had become unk at unk Drogenrazzia in her Louisville apartment in March .
The goal of the raid was someone else unk who did not live there , and there were no drugs found .
When on Saturday an unk of an unk , who describes herself as an unk alliance of black Americans , a shot of unk , three unk were injured .
After unk on NBC , they were taken to the hospital .
unk of them was in mortal danger .
The police set up barricades because also unk formed a white militia unk .
unk unk of the two groups ultimately did not come to unk unk .
In Texan unk , a person was shot and died during a &quot; Black Lives Matter unk demonstration .
The police claimed to have detained a suspect .
She has not yet given further information about the circumstances of the act .
Mayor Steve Adler said , according to the New York Times , that he was , like many unk of the city , &quot; inconsolable and stunned &quot; unk of what happened unk .
unk in the American metropolis of Seattle , demonstrators clashed with the police on Saturday .
She unk in front of a youth prison unk in unk , the police put glare grenades and pepper spray unk .
unk According to the Seattle Times , 16 people were arrested for resistance to unk or assault .
unk of the city of Oakland in California , an unk was set on fire .
unk small group unk protesters had shot down windows unk fireworks and police officers blinded with unk unk shared the police of unk late Saturday night ( local time ) unk .
The fire quickly extinguished unk .
In Aurora , a suburb of Denver in unk , unk unk car demonstrated by a crowd , unk on a highway .
According to the police , one of the protesters fired a gun and at least one person was taken to the hospital injured unk
In addition , windows were also hit in a court and there was a fire , unk the police unk .
Investigations became unk .
Rakoczy in Bad Kissingen : Historical costumes defy Corona
Although the big party was missing in the spa town , visitors and actors enjoyed the unk unk alternative program .
It was unusual for visitors unk performers and organizers : The Rakoczy weekend without unk .
But : Even if the big party mile in the city center was missing , the crowds and program highlights such as Saale are burning , unk or parade , many of them came to the Corona compliant alternative program unk their cost .
&quot; I unk unk managed to spread unk , &quot; says spa director Sylvie Thormann .
The guests would have accepted it well .
unk unk one returns to the beginnings of the Rakoczy festival , unk unk alone the historical in the focus unk festivals were unk
Pleasant atmosphere
Vesna Konhäuser has been visiting unk Rakoczy Festival Bad unk with her husband for more than 25 years .
So also unk in the Corona year .
The couple made themselves comfortable at Luitpold Casino , watching the historical stroll and listening to Cuban live music at the casino restaurant .
&quot; I also find it so quite pleasant &quot; , unk Konhäuser unk
She misses the crowds that otherwise belong to Rakoczy not unk
But it lacks the usual program highlights , especially Saale the historic procession and the final fireworks on Sunday evening burn on Friday evening .
&quot; That &apos;s a pity .
The weather would have been great this year , &quot; she says .
Rakoczy riding tournament to take place again
For the performers unk historischen unk , the alternative program sometimes meant more work .
For example , for unk unk , which participates in the procession in a normal year and can be seen there on the carriage of the Kurgarten café .
This year she was on Saturdays and Sundays in costume on foot in the unk .
&quot; The unk unk more strenuous , unk we have it easier , &quot; says unk .
The equestrian club had less unk unk unk even if individual riders were traveling in the park .
&quot; We very much hope that the equestrian quadrille unk will take place again next year , &quot; says Chairman Ulrike Waldhofen .
She announced that after several years break 2021 again a Rakoczy riding tournament will take place unk unk
28 Corona cases with Spanish second division club Fuenlabrada
The Spanish football second division CF Fuenlabrada slides deeper into the crisis due to a corona outbreak .
Since the newcomer from the unk of Madrid flew to a game in the city of A Coruña despite the first Corona Falls on 20 July , a low blow follows the unk .
By Sunday , 28 players or team members had been tested positive , one came to the hospital , as the club announced unk
Fuenlabrada from the eponymous city unk of Madrid still had the chance to reach unk promotion playoffs unk
Now unk threatens to be relegated to unk B group of the Second League .
The match against Deportivo La Coruña last Monday was cancelled at the last moment , the prosecution investigated for a possible crime unk unk the unk health , the supreme sports authority CSD is considering the forced descent of the club unk
Players and other team members are quarantined in an unk .
&quot; Until the sixth day of quarantine they have no fresh towel and unk gel unk &quot; unk wrote the sports newspaper &quot; AS &quot; unk
On photos you can see how unk underwear and club clothing in their rooms unk hotel to dry unk had unk after they obviously had to wash them themselves .
The bed linen was also not changed for five days .
unk further problem is the food .
Neither unk nor sufficient , wrote &quot; AS &quot; .
The club management , on the other hand , shared that they were satisfied with the hotel .
unk &apos;s accusation of deliberately endangering public health was rejected by the club &apos;s lawyer , Javier Tebas Llanas .
The son of the president of the Spanish Primera Division unk Javier Tebas , as reported by the news agency Europa Press and the sports newspaper &quot; Marca &quot; , did not violate the Corona rules established by the Football Association unk .
Before departure , there were four infected people until 19 July , but they were all isolated and did not travel .
Right before the flight to A Coruña on Monday , unk players and team members were tested again .
When the team was already in A unk , &quot; five or six &quot; other team members of the Corona test were positive .
The game was cancelled unk minutes before the kick-off , said unk Llanas .
Police have to catch horses torn out by unk
Two animals were on the road unk
The unk led her back unk to her owner .
On Sunday morning shortly before 6 o &apos;clock a road user shared two free-running horses on the feeder between the junction unk / Steinsfeld and the motorway junction unk unk unk .
Upon the arrival of the officials , the horses already drink themselves again between the feeder and the village of Dampfach .
After a short unk steam compartment could become unk by the unk the confidence of the horses , they could each have a unk patrol car carried rope folded unk
Cycling pro Tony Martin : career continuation imaginable
Time trial specialist Tony unk is thinking about continuing his unk .
Frankfurt / Main - Seven times world champion Tony unk imagine continuing his cycling career .
&quot; I am currently setting the framework conditions with the team as to how and in what form it could continue , &quot; said the 35-year-old unk &quot; Frankfurter Allgemeine Sonntagszeitung &quot; unk
unk is currently unk Dutch team Jumbo-Visma unk and had pulled unk unk to end his career after this year before the Corona break .
At unk negotiations with his team there is also unk unk number of race days unk he said .
Or other problems that would plague him , said Martin .
In the past he got up after unk fall , and the first thought was : &quot; Quickly back to the unk .
Today think unk as the father of a little daughter : What if &quot; .
The professional cyclist cleared unk that there were unk aspects with which he found it increasingly difficult .
&quot; But it did me unk to notice from the Corona time what I have unk cycling and unk a lot of fun it makes me &quot; .
The time trial specialist returns to the competition at the Tour de l &apos;Ain ( 5 to 9 August ) .
Bavaria : unk four unk on Bavaria &apos;s streets at the unk
unk beautiful weather attracts bikers on unk roads in many places .
For at least three people , the tour ends fatally by motorcycle .
Even an 18 year old unk pedestrian dies .
unk - At unk on Bavaria &apos;s streets , several , mostly young people have died at unk .
An unk year old motorcyclist was captured unk Samstag near Schönthal ( district of Cham ) by a car that came on the counter lane .
Why unk cars got on the unk was initially unclear .
In Upper Bavaria on Saturday a 22-year-old collided on his machine with a horse-drawn carriage unk
According to the police at Beilngries , he was downhill on the way
In unk left turn he bounced against the unk .
His injuries were so severe , unk he died unk .
From unk twelve inmates unk carriage unk a man seriously unk a man slightly injured , as the police reported .
In another fatal accident unk in the Upper Palatine Bad Kötzting unk 18-year-old .
He had laid down on unk the street at night and was overrun by a 42-year-old driver .
According to the police , the 18-year-old wanted to sleep .
The driver could no longer brake in time .
At Schönberg ( district of Freyung-Grafenau ) on Saturday , a 57-year-old biker crashed frontally against a car in a right turn unk emergency braking .
He died at the scene of the accident .
unk 57-year-old driver suffered a shock , the unk three people in the car remained unhurt unk
The safety of motorcyclists was determined on Saturday by Bavaria &apos;s Minister of Transport Kerstin Schreyer ( CSU ) unk unk unk
In a letter to the organizer of the biker protests against driving bans announced for August , Gabor Kovacs , the minister referred to extensive investments such as underride protection on guardrails and the defusing of dangerous curves .
&quot; We have achieved a lot for the safety of motorcyclists in recent years , &quot; said unk in the letter .
&quot; The number of unk two-wheelers killed decreased by around 28 unk compared to unk 2011 &quot; .
Kovac tests with unk against Frankfurt
Frankfurt / Main ( unk ) - For football coach Niko Kovac there will soon be a reunion with Eintracht Frankfurt with his new unk AS Monaco .
The eight-time French champion performs unk 1 August ( 6 p.m. ) at the Hesse , the former unk of the Croat .
For the Bundesliga club , it is the first and only endurance test before the unk in the Europa League against unk unk ( 6 August ) .
Because of the coronavirus pandemic , the encounter is held without spectators .
unk We are especially looking forward to this game .
It &apos;s always nice to come to Frankfurt and meet friends , &quot; explained Kovac .
Sporty , this is an interesting test , said the unk .
Before his unk to FC Bayern Munich unk Kovac the Hessen from unk to 2018 trained unk led to victory in the DFB Cup .
&quot; A top-class opponent like Monaco unk a good test for unk in terms of unk the game unk Basel .
Like unk Frankfurter , I look forward to seeing Niko Kovac again , &quot; unk said Eintracht coach Adi Hütter .
The 50-year-old Austrian had succeeded unk Eintracht .
In March , the Frankfurter lost the round of 16 first leg against Basel in their own stadium with 0 : 3 unk
unk unk New infections : Landkreis Hof knapp am Lockdown unk
In the district of Hof , the number of well-known Corona new infections has increased further on weekends : from 39 unk Friday and 43 unk Saturday ( one person has recovered and falls more into these statistics ) to unk on Sunday .
In addition , there is a case unk of the city court .
Thus , the unk Hof is approaching the critical mark of 50 new infections per 100,000 unk in unk week .
700 unk by monsoon rain in unk
unk the severe floods in Southeast Asia are more than unk millions of people unk unk especially in Bangladesh , India and Nepal .
Due to the unk monsoon rain , a total of 700 people were killed .
In Bangladesh , the Red Crescent tries to reach isolated people in boats .
Entire villages are under water .
The farmers have lost their unk .
Panzernashörner unk National Park die from landslides
In Kaziranga National Park , several of the 120 rhinoceroses died from landslides .
She unk under protection and is considered endangered by extinction .
This year , the floods are particularly bad unk , which leads back to climate change .
According to the United Nations , unk is one of the countries most affected by global warming .
New apartments are empty
In the village of Cox &apos;s Bazar in the south of unk , the state has built apartments for unk by the floods displaced .
Only a few have moved in so far .
It is difficult to bring unk the unk to Cox &apos;s unk .
Also the unk in Grenezn .
unk formerly unk house had unk it was also unk so small and resembled a cottage , often does not want to unk his life in unk unk unk .
Many apartments are empty , but - as the government wants it - should soon be sourced from unk , the unk house lost by unk floods unk .
60 Corona new infections at just one unk in Vienna
In a 24-hour comparison , 60 new corona infections were reported in Vienna - there were 22 new infections in Lower Austria .
The Vienna State Medical Directorate and the medical crisis staff of the city unk inform about the current case numbers and further unk about the COVID-19 virus : As of Sunday , 26 July 2020 , 8 a.m. , 4,840 ( + 60 ) unk tests are confirmed in Vienna unk
The number of deaths associated with the virus is unk 204 .
unk ( + 48 ) people .
22 new coronavirus infections in Lower Austria
The number of coronavirus infections in unk rose by 22 to 3,288 on Sunday .
A patient has recovered information from the medical staff .
This increases the number of people recovered to unk .
There were 247 patients in the state .
147,253 tests were carried out .
105 people died in connection with lung disease .
Argentina rejects counter-offer unk creditors
The new unk could not meet unk , said unk Ministry of Economy in Buenos Aires on Saturday unk .
&quot; The unk not only irresponsible , but also unjust unk , it said in a statement .
&quot; While 50 percent of children in Argentina live in poverty , we cannot make the short-term profits of our unk unk &quot; .
The debts of the second largest economy unk South America are no longer unk under the current conditions .
This is why Argentina is asking its private creditors to dispense with some of their claims of around 66 billion US dollars ( around 59 billion euros ) .
If there is no agreement , unk Land threatens the state bankruptcy again .
It would be the ninth default in unk Argentine unk .
unk , lenders had higher interest rates on government bonds and unk on some contract clauses unk .
However , the Argentine government is firmly committed to its unk offer and is not willing to make any further concessions .
Argentina is stuck in a heavy financial and unk unk
unk inflation was more than 50 percent recently .
For the current year , experts expect economic power to decline by around ten percent .
In the end unk , Argentina had not paid interest claims in unk of 503 million US dollars and had thus slipped into a limited default .
Arrived professionally unk private still unk
&quot; It &apos;s going super well &quot; - this conclusion is drawn by Dr. unk Kramer after her first days at unk in Eggenfelden .
unk Ende ging alles ganz schnell unk In mid-May Dr. Stefanie Kramer learned that she will compete in the Eggenfelden notary &apos;s office the unk of Lutz Feller .
unk six weeks later , unk Juli , unk unk unk lawyer the work on , the normal daily business runs long ago on full speed .
&quot; Privately , however , I still have to arrive unk , she explains in conversation with the Rottaler Anzeiger and laughs .
unk short lead time was of course not enough to shift the unk from unk completely to Eggenfelden , reports the native Dingolfingerin unk
Currently unk is with her husband unk who works in Regensburg as a judge at the district court , looking for a suitable apartment or unk house in the city .
At least her husband was able to apply for parental leave at short notice in order to ensure the care of the two daughters ( 3 ½ and unk ½ years old ) .
unk not to have to commute every day from Regensburg , she also has for the time being an overnight accommodation unk to her parents in Dingolfing , explains the 39-year-old .
Growing up in the neighbouring region , the town of Eggenfelden has of course long been known to her .
During visits on site with her family in recent months , she has once again stated : &quot; Eggenfelden is a beautiful small town &quot; .
She was all the more pleased that she had made unk selection process for the free unk of the race .
Her native Lower Bavaria also plays a central unk in Dr. Stefanie Kramer &apos;s professional career : After studying law in Passau , she completed her legal traineeship and the 2nd state examination unk Regensburg .
After unk positions as a notary assessor , among others in Rehau and Hof in Upper Franconia , Babenhausen in the Unterallgäu as well as Regensburg - during this time she also unk unk unk unk the doctorate in labour law unk unk unk she in unk 2012 her first job as a notary in Rotthalmünster in the district unk unk .
In unk 2016 she went on parental leave , unk finally followed the move to Regensburg .
Since then , she has served in various notaries .
When unk Stelle in Eggenfelden was advertised because of the approaching retirement of Lutz Feller , she saw unk right time for full professional unk , explains the 39-year-old .
The team of their predecessor , who will take over the unk in the notary &apos;s office in the future , has taken over Dr. Stefanie Kramer completely unk and has a unk for the unk of the law firm parat unk &quot; unk läuft supergut ! &quot;
The fact that she can rely on well-rehearsed processes makes it easier for her to take care of the upcoming shift of unk unk .
In terms of kindergarten or crib places , she has already contacted a local institution .
And if everything works as desired , unk hopes to be able to unk her hobby here soon - and to get to know the most beautiful jogging routes of the Rottal .
BVB plans to start the league with a maximum of 15,000 spectators
Dortmund The biggest German unk in Dortmund will not even be filled by 20 percent at the start of the season in case of a fan return .
&quot; Due to the unk , which must be adhered to , we are currently planning with 12,000 to 15,000 spectators , &quot; said Borussia Dortmund &apos;s managing director Carsten Cramer to the &quot; Tagesspiegel &quot; .
Normally unk Arena unk of the district city at Bundesliga games holds a little more unk 81,000 unk .
In the ghost games of the past season caused by the corona pandemic , the BVB lost unk unk Euro per game .
The cramer responsible for marketing , unk and internationalization at BVB hopes that , in addition to the normal spectator seats , some of the approximately 4,000 seats of unk hospitality area can be opened again : &quot; It is of course a blow to the office unk if these revenues unk break away &quot; .
In view of the ongoing Corona crisis , everyone is currently &quot; well advised , first a stable page length unk &quot; .
&quot; If many companies are not doing well unk 6.8 million people in Germany alone , then unk the need is limited to entertainment &quot; , unk unk .
The Dortmund marketing boss praised the unk for their salary partial abandonment , the unk overcoming the crisis contribute unk : &quot; Of course the players know that unk salary waiver has a different effect , unk if we put 100 people unk who work in merchandising on unk &quot; unk
unk Miracle : Early start into life with a few hundred grams
Hardly heavier than a packerl butter , just three tablespoons of blood unk his entire body : That was Gabriel when he was born unk he weighed exactly 273 grams .
The boy is unk of about 400 premature babies , who are cared for annually at the unk children &apos;s clinic unk
A quarter of them weigh less than 1,500 grams , a few - like Gabriel and his brothers Raphael and Michael - are extreme lightweight with not even a kilogram of birth weight .
They are unk small and so early born unk that neither lungs , nor intestines , nor muscles are fully developed .
Their skin is sometimes so delicate that they could hurt the electrodes unk ECG .
And they are so tiny unk that they sometimes wear doll clothing and especially unk they made unk .
But not so unk that they would not be in voice - &quot; and how &quot; , smiles Berndt Urlesberger .
&quot; unk if of course they don &apos;t scream as unk as big unk &quot; .
When the whiteboard becomes a stage
Despite corona unk in the classroom : The whiteboard as a stage experienced the 9th grade of the St. James Gymnasium in unk shortly before the start of the holiday .
Actress Julia unk from the theater of the city of Aalen unk the unk and students the unk &quot; Das Heimatkleid &quot; - namely by video .
Afterwards , unk students could use Skype with the actress unk the director Winfried Tobias about unk play and the performance unk .
unk idea for the performance format from the current corona situation had been born .
Teacher Teresa Nar was happy to enrich the lessons .
Also unk at the end all participants agreed that the direct encounter in the theater and stage space would offer additional stimuli , unk sees in the theater also the potentials for the contact into the schools .
&quot; If we keep the technical framework unk , it could be an interesting addition to the game operation &quot; , unk director Winfried Tobias .
First lap drawn : TSV unk in unk meet Eintracht Frankfurt
Should the unk 1860 unk qualify for the DFB-Pokal , the lions will meet Eintracht Frankfurt in the first round .
This resulted in the unk on Sunday .
Munich - Sixty possible opponents in the first round unk DFB-Pokals are certain .
The lions would meet Eintracht Frankfurt in a successful qualification .
This unk the draw on Sunday evening unk the unk .
unk because of the unk unk field unk unk is complete , were used in the draw unk .
Due to the voluntary abandonment of semi-final opponents FC Memmingen , TSV 1860 unk is in the unk of the Bavarian Toto Cup ( 4 or 5 September ) .
There unk unk lions either on the Würzburg kickers unk unk Aschaffenburg .
If Würzburg were to reach the final unk , sixty unk would be qualified for the first round of the DFB-Pokal .
Otherwise , the unk would have to prevail in the final against Regionalligist unk .
The first round of the DFB Cup will take place between 11 and 14 September and unk one week before the start of the third division .
&quot; Vom Winde unk &quot; : Film legend unk de Havilland is dead
The film legend and Oscar winner Olivia de Havilland unk dead .
She died a natural death on Sunday in Paris at the age of 104 , confirmed her spokeswoman for the German Press Agency .
de Havilland was known for her unk as Melanie Hamilton in the Southern epic &quot; Gone with the Wind &quot; ( 1939 ) .
Born to British parents in Tokyo , Olivia de Havilland unk unk toddler moved to California .
The Austrian theatre man Max Reinhardt discovered the 19-year-old in the role of Hermia von Shakespeare &apos;s &quot; unk &quot; .
The film studio Warner Brothers signed her for seven years and brought her out unk of the side of unk Flynn .
unk unk unk them with the heartbreaker .
In 1946 she won her first Oscar in the lead role of &quot; To Each unk Own &quot; .
The film was directed by unk Deutschland under the unk &quot; Mutterherz &quot; .
Three years later came the unk unk best actress unk William Wylers &quot; unk Heiress &quot; unk
She is also recognized as a neurotic eccentric in &quot; Der dunkle Spiegel &quot; and &quot; Die Schlangengrube &quot; .
Daphne du unk unk she starred in unk in 1952 for unk film adaptation of her novel &quot; Meine Cousine unk unk vor .
The piece unk a worldwide success unk
With her longtime girlfriend Bette Davis she played in &quot; Wiegenlied für eine Leiche &quot; .
His marriage to the writer Marcus Goodrich ( 1946 – 1953 ) produced his son Benjamin .
In unk de Havilland married journalist Pierre Paul Galante and had a daughter , Gisèle unk unk .
Even this marriage broke up unk
Rumors of an affair with former British Prime Minister unk Heath unk , however , never confirmed .
&quot; Road to Timmendorf &quot; : Beach volleyball : Thole / Wickler miss final at comeback
The unk Julius Thole and Clemens unk unk unk unk &quot; Road to Timmendorf &quot; missed the final .
At the unk of the top teams in Düsseldorf they lost in the semifinals to their national team colleagues Nils Ehlers and Lars Flüggen with 1 : 2 ( 17 : unk , unk : 17 , 19 : unk ) .
Thole / unk last played in unk at the World Tour Final last September .
In the final on the Rhine , their conquerors Ehlers / Flüggen defeated the surprise team Lukas Pfretschner and his interim partner Steven van de Velde unk 0 : unk ( 17 : 21 , 17 : unk ) .
In addition to the unk , unk starting places for the German championships were played at the beginning of September in Timmendorfer Strand : the tickets were secured by unk Dollinger / Simon Kulzer , Manuel Harms / Richard Peemüller and Simon Pfretschner / Milan Sievers .
Kalbitz ejection from AfD confirmed - FDP speaks of &quot; fig leaf &quot;
The exclusion of Andreas Kalbitz from the unk is from the point of view of the FDP unk a &quot; fig leaf &quot; and does not change the character of the unk .
&quot; The AfD is the parliamentary arm of unk in Germany .
Andreas Kalbitz is only unk of the tip of the iceberg of the radicals in the AfD , &quot; said FDP internal politician Benjamin Strasser of the news agency dpa in Berlin .
The Federal Court of Arbitration of the AfD had confirmed on Saturday in Stuttgart after several hours of trial the exclusion of Kalbitz , which the unk decided in May by a majority unk .
Kalbitz is chairman of the AfD parliamentary group in the Brandenburg Landtag .
unk If the AfD really wanted to remove right-wing extremists consistently from its party , functionaries like unk Höcke unk would have long since been excluded from its supporters , &quot; unk Strasser .
&quot; However , there is no political will for this in the AfD , because right-wing extremism is now part of the party unk .
unk said unk CSU General Secretary Markus Blume : &quot; The fact that Andreas Kalbitz is now excluded says nothing and does not change anything , &quot; he said the &quot; unk on Sunday unk .
&quot; Rather , it speaks unk how many frenetic supporters a right-wing extremist still has in the middle of the AfD &quot; .
Flower goes out unk , unk unk which unk will land below five percent in elections in the future unk .
&quot; The days of unk unk to the parliaments are numbered &quot; .
Kalbitz was one of the spokesmen of the unk unk unk unk grand piano &quot; around the unk AfD leader Björn Höcke ; the unk classifies the unk unk unk &quot; secured right-wing extremist aspiration &quot; .
unk Mai had thrown the AfD federal board Kalbitz out of unk party .
unk Grund unk he said that Kalbitz did not indicate an earlier membership in the now forbidden far-right &quot; loyal German youth &quot; ( HDJ ) and in unk Republicans .
Kalbitz denies membership in the HDJ .
Sebastian Walter , Chairman of the Left Group in the Brandenburg Landtag , also emphasised that the decision of the Federal Arbitration Court did not mention the character of the AfD : &quot; The wolf has only eaten chalk .
The AfD remains a far-right party unk ob mit unk ohne Kalbitz unk .
Neither unk with this decision weakened the federal party nor the right wing .
unk The manoeuvre of the Meuthen-troupe is transparent .
unk wants to escape further observation by the Verfassungsschutz and unk to get under the radar , &quot; said unk .
&quot; The AfD will not get rid of the spirits it called .
An expulsion does not change anything , &quot; commented SPD General Secretary Erik Stohn , commenting on the decision unk unk Kalbitz .
&quot; Here the AfD state association and the faction held to this day to their right leader &quot; .
The legal dispute over Kalbitz &apos;s membership in the AfD will continue .
He announced on Saturday that unk would take action against the unk of the Federal Arbitration Court now unk unk
North Sea wind farms provide a good 21 percent more electricity
In the first months of the year , the wind power plants on unk German North Sea fed 11.51 terawatt hours of electricity into the grid .
This is just over 21 percent more than in the same period last year unk unk by the network operator Tennet in Bayreuth .
Tennet is responsible for the transmission of the North Sea electricity to the mainland and the forwarding by the German unk .
The wind turbines on the Baltic Sea , which are not part of Tennet &apos;s radio , have fed in another 2.22 terawatt hours of unk TWh ) of electricity .
Overall , the wind power from the North unk Baltic Sea comes to 13.73 TWh , compared to unk 11.64 unk in the first unk 2019 .
The wind harvest at sea thus accounts for almost 19 percent of the total wind current in Germany ; that is about unk percentage points more than a year ago .
New unk ensure higher unk
unk increased contribution of offshore wind energy results from higher generation capacities in addition to the wind conditions , because new wind farms have been connected to the grid in the past twelve months .
If unk 1270 wind power plants in the North Sea were all running at full speed at the same time unk they could calculate 6.7 gigawatts of electricity unk .
unk transmission capacity is sufficient for this ; according to Tennet , it is 7.1 gigawatts .
It is expected to rise to 17 gigawatts in the German North Sea by 2030 .
&quot; In Germany and unk , we are investing 20 billion euros in the expansion of unk offshore grid connections , &quot; said Tennet Managing Director Tim Meyerjürgens .
In reality , wind farms cannot exploit their capacity at sea , but unk about 40 percent .
The unk record day this year is January 2 , when the North Sea wind farms generated more than unk gigawatts of electricity .
unk unk unk the North Sea wind turbines about 2.5 to unk gigawatt of electricity , which corresponds to three to four nuclear power plants .
This could supply almost seven million households with electricity .
Kunst unk Skirmish &quot; - an exhibition by the Leipzig artist Christian Bold at the Galerie unk Gmünder Kunstverein .
This was almost an unk anniversary celebration for the 130 .
Birthday of the Gmünder Kunstverein : The exhibition opening &quot; Skirmish &quot; with works by the Leipzig artist Christian Bold blew up the usual framework of the Corona break .
unk more art lovers than usual followed the dialogue between unk artists and the unk of the Kunstverein , Professor Dr. Klaus Ripper .
The musical equivalent was provided by the band &quot; Defenders of the Universe &quot; on southern Kornhausplatz .
North unk gallery engaged unk the association unk Sandtogether &quot; .
Freital : Windbergfest cancelled due to Corona
The Windbergfest takes place this year unk .
The city of Freital cancelled the three-day festival planned in September .
In other years , over 30,000 people had unk city festival .
&quot; We really did not make this decision easy for ourselves and - in the unk , how difficult it is economically unk the participants - until the last minute hoped unk , explained Lord Mayor Uwe Rumberg ( non-party ) .
&quot; But unk we are responsible for the health of many thousands of people &quot; .
unk if tens of thousands had flowed to unk festival grounds and unk unk , minimum distances , hygiene regulations and contact tracking could not have been complied with in accordance with the current corona protection regulation .
Or the restrictions would have been so strong that there would not have been much left of unk folk festival .
Moreover , the radio and surveillance effort would increase disproportionately many times over .
unk unk on next year .
Then the city of Freital unk celebrates its 100th anniversary with the unk from 7 to 9 unk unk and the day unk Sachsen from 10 to 12 September 2021 .
Dressage Olympic champion Werth in Achleiten not to beat
Achleiten unk Six times Olympic champion Isabell Werth was the outstanding rider at the dressage tournament in unk unk , Austria
The 51-year-old unk Rheinberg came to four victories at four starts on the weekend .
After she had a Grand Prix unk at the start with Weihegold and unk , unk her unk on Sunday in the Grand Prix Special and in the freestyle not to beat .
On the unk mare Weihegold Werth prevailed on Sunday in the special unk against the unk unk Max Theurer on Abegglen .
Also in the freestyle unk the German unk Saturday on unk unk in front of her 34 year old student Victoria Max-Theurer .
Werth &apos;s winning horse Quantaz belongs to Max-Theurer .
The most successful dressage rider in the world unk establish the ten-year-old stallion in the Grand Prix .
For Quantaz it was the unk unk at all .
Already at the first tournament in Achleiten three weeks ago unk Werth won all important four competitions unk
The last of the unk international unk there planned for August 14 to 16 .
More air traffic controllers in Worms in the future
unk unk into the air : The &quot; DFS unk Flugsicherung &quot; unk a professorship for &quot; Air Traffic Management &quot; .
A corresponding contract between the university and DFS has now been signed in Worms unk
The contract was initially signed by unk for three years and unk for 2021 .
With the professorship , it is possible to enable the start of studies not only in the summer semester , but also in the winter semester .
This means that twice as many students can become unk as before .
At the same time , the unk and unk capacities of the DFS are utilized evenly .
DFS will advise the university on the establishment and appointment of the professorship .
Represented at the university since 2019
Since the summer semester 2019 , the first students unk are part of their training as air traffic controllers at unk Worms in the study course Air unk unk .
unk unk unk nine students this year .
So far , unk experiences unk DFS are very positive , the achievements unk students unk excellent .
The combination of unk unk pilot training helps unk to further increase the attractiveness of the pilot profession .
unk In these times we do not like the promotion economically .
However , we firmly expect air traffic to recover and grow again in the long term .
In order to be able to fulfil our legal mandate in the future , we need highly qualified personnel &quot; , unk Professor Klaus-Dieter Scheurle unk Managing Director of DFS at the signing of the contract .
&quot; For DFS , unk is a future-proof investment that will provide air traffic controllers with a broad , interdisciplinary knowledge base in the long term .
We are therefore continuing our good cooperation with unk Hochschule and at the same time underpinning our attractiveness as an employer . &quot;
This is also underlined by Professor Dr. Jens Hermsdorf unk President of Worms University of Applied Sciences : unk The endowed professorship forms an important bridge between science and industry .
With it , unk an unk would like to build on existing cooperation with DFS Deutsche Flugsicherung as a practical partner unk the dual bachelor &apos;s program unk Traffic unk unk
The trust of Deutsche Flugsicherung is both a motivation and an obligation for Worms University of Applied Sciences to further expand its teaching and research expertise in the future fields of aviation .
In use for the air traffic controllers of tomorrow , the university could set very special highlights and innovative focal points for unk students with the first endowed professorship for a dual course of study .
unk Denis Alt , State Secretary at the Ministry of Science , Continuing Education and Culture , emphasises : &quot; Worms University of Applied Sciences has a focus on aviation in Rhineland-Palatinate .
Today &apos;s signing of the cooperation agreement strengthens the profile of the university &quot; .
Rescue screwdriver unk on the A 45
About 30 minutes unk the highway A 45 unk Saturday afternoon towards Aschaffenburg fully unk , since after a unk the rescue helicopter was in the unk .
A 76-year-old drove straight ahead with a Ford at 12.40 p.m. at the Alzenau-Mitte exit in unk turn and landed on the guardrail .
unk the impact unk the front airbags , the unk unk will be slight injuries on the face and unk for treatment in a hospital unk .
The injuries of the 72-year-old passenger were cared for by the emergency doctor and unk patient flew to a hospital with the rescue helicopter .
At present , however , the police assume that there is no danger of death .
The damaged unk , on which unk unk of about 2000 euros was created , had to be towed off unk
Heil wants to test other industries according to meat industry
The Corona crisis brought the conditions in parts of the unk to light again .
Tightening of the law is imminent .
But are they right - and unk unk ?
According to the now planned strict regulations against grievances in the meat industry , Federal Minister of Labour Hubertus Heil ( SPD ) wants unk unk .
&quot; We will take appropriate measures for unk unk and then for the respective industry , if necessary , &quot; said Heil of the German Press Agency in Berlin .
Germany &apos;s employers are already warning against restricting contracts for work in general .
After the mass outbreak of Corona at unk Tönnies in North Rhine-Westphalia , the Federal Cabinet wants to pass a law unk Heil this Wednesday .
Large slaughterhouses should no longer be allowed to employ foreign personnel in slaughter unk dismantling and meat processing .
For this purpose , the use of work contract and temporary workers is to be banned there .
Employer President Ingo Kramer told the dpa : &quot; Finger away unk of a general restriction of contracts for work and temporary employment unk if unk does not want to strangle unk economy completely &quot; .
Work contracts are , for example , for unk areas of craftsmanship , the unk and the unk necessarily unk basis for their unk unk customers .
&quot; The failures of individuals do not destroy such an important instrument &quot; .
Heil assured : &quot; My goal is unk to ban contracts of work everywhere in the unk economy &quot; .
Work contracts make sense .
&quot; When an industrial company orders a craftsman to install a unk , it is a completely unk work contract &quot; .
The German meat industry considers a ban on contracts for work and unk unk in its unk unconstitutional .
It cannot be explained why unk and packaging unk cheese should be considered a different labour law than unk sausage in the future , according to a statement on the bill , such as the &quot; Neue Osnabrücker unk &quot; ( Saturday ) unk .
With a ban , the consumer price would rise by 10 to 20 percent unk kilos and product .
Many Eastern European employees from unk worked in unk industry according to the results of a unk of the NRW Occupational Safety and Health Administration sometimes 16 hours a day .
Often they had a break .
Wage was withheld for protective equipment or rent .
It was noted that the situation when housing workers was often miserable .
Heil said unk for the meat industry , a relatively sharp law came into force in 2017 unk
However , these were circumvented by &quot; tricky constructions &quot; .
&quot; Now must be fundamentally tidy unk &quot; .
The politician announced : &quot; In the Occupational Safety and Health Act , which we want to pass at the end of July in the cabinet , measures are also unk that not only affect the meat industry - for example , higher test rates in occupational safety and health or clear criteria for community accommodation &quot; .
The draft before the dpa includes amendments to the law on unk unk workers &apos; rights in the meat industry as well as unk .
unk Consumer Protection Minister Ursula Nonnemacher ( Green Party ) considers more intensive unk necessary unk
&quot; I would like us to be able to carry out radio controls in many supervisory areas : food controls , animal welfare unk everything possible , for example unk animal transport unk , said Nonnemacher on Sunday in the RBB programme &quot; Brandenburg aktuell &quot; .
But more staff are also needed for more controls .
Three dead in ultralight crash in Germany
According to the police , three people died in the crash of an ultralight aircraft on an apartment building in Wesel in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia .
A child was slightly injured .
Two unk people were rescued injured in the accident , said unk speaker unk unk Wesel .
According to the police , a parachute was found at the scene of the accident .
The &quot; Rheinische Post &quot; reported , citing eyewitnesses unk before the crash , that the aircraft had collided with a hot air balloon .
The house is a single or two-family house .
Further unk were not known at first .
Clearance of Frankfurt Opera Square peaceful unk
One week after the riots in Frankfurt , the eviction of the Opera Square at night on unk was peaceful .
Finally , several dozen people were still on the square , but he was drunk at unk o &apos;clock before the curfew began .
The police were on duty with numerous officers in the early evening , and a larger police force could be seen throughout the unk .
For the first time this weekend from midnight there was a ban on entry to the Opera Square , where unk came to riots a week ago .
Policemen had been attacked with bottles from the crowd of celebrants .
At least five officers were injured , several police vehicles were damaged .
The night to Saturday was also quiet unk .
Car flips over : Young woman unk accident on federal road unk unk Hofgeismar seriously injured
In an accident unk Schöneberg and Hümme , a 21-year-old suffered serious injuries on Sunday at around 1.25 p.m .
She was taken to the Klinikum Kassel .
With unk , the fire brigade sought possible passengers .
According to the police , unk was on the road on Bundesstraße 83 towards her place of residence Hümme , when her car left unk unk for unexplained cause and flipped over several times .
In order to save the victims , the fire brigade had to cut free the roof of the car .
it was unclear whether someone was still in the vehicle , the adjacent corn field was searched from the turntable ladder with a thermal imaging camera unk
The unk from Warburg , which also works with thermal imaging cameras , had also been ordered for unk person search .
However , the emergency services found no one between the tall maize plants .
The seriously injured man was taken to Kasseler unk for further care with the ambulance .
Almost 50 volunteers unk fire brigade Hofgeismar , Hümme and Schöneberg unk on site .
The highway was closed for two hours due to the accident .
Juventus Turin unk in Italy
unk - After a redeeming goal by Cristiano Ronaldo , record champion Juventus has secured the Italian championship for the unk time in series .
The team around the five-time world football player made the 36th Scudetto of the club &apos;s history perfect with a 2-0 ( unk unk 0 ) on unk in unk unk Sampdoria Genoa .
Ronaldo unk 1-0 before the unk .
At 83 unk , Turin , which competed without the last long-injured former international Sami Khedira , is not to displace unk first place two matchdays before the end of the series A season .
The unk Inter Milan is seven points behind .
Juventus was harmless despite optical superiority in the first half , then Ronaldo hit unk of the last action after a free kick variant .
An addition by Miralem Pjanic exploited unk 35-year-olds from the penalty area border directly with a flat shot ( 45 + 7 ) .
Ronaldo was also involved in the 2-0 against the now more offensive guests , unk his shot dusted Federico unk ( 67th ) .
This ensured the lackluster , unk unk success .
The foulelfmeter shot at the bar in the 89th minute should only have offended Ronaldo himself with a view to the scorer classification .
&quot; It &apos;s complicated to stay physically at ball level for 90 minutes .
The unk are strange , and unk momentum is very easy , &quot; explained coach Maurizio Sarri after the 1 : 2 at Udinese Calcio on the unk .
Especially the mental exhaustion of his players is great , said the Juve coach .
Due to the defeat , the Turin team had not yet been able to complete the championship perfectly .
In the end , Juve owed the calming lead at the top of the standings above all to the weakness of unk .
In the eleven games before the match on Sunday , the Sarri-team had only managed five victories .
Whether Ronaldo will also become unk is questionable .
While the Portuguese superstar has scored 31 goals so far , the former Dortmund Ciro Immobile has already scored 34 goals on his unk after his three-pack at the 5 : 1 ( 1 : 1 ) of the fourth Lazio Rom unk Hellas unk - as many as Robert Lewandowski contributed to FC Bayern &apos;s title win .
The record in Italy is held by current Juve pro Gonzalo unk .
The Argentine scored 36 goals for SSC Naples in the 2015 – 2016 season .
In August , the next title chance awaits the &quot; unk lady &quot; of the Italian unk .
Juventus is in the round of 16 of the champions unk , unk on 7 August against Olympique Lyon , however , make up for a 0 : 1 first leg side , unk to reach the final tournament in Lisbon .
In the next knockout round Real Madrid unk would wait Manchester City as an opponent .
Baden-Württemberg : Over 250 unk car races recorded
Stuttgart - Despite all the threatened penalties and court rulings , motorists are accelerating in countless illegal races on unk Baden-Württemberg roads : unk last unk and the first four months of this year , the police in the southwest have already registered more than 250 illegal car races .
Although there are no comparative figures for the years unk , unk Raser are increasingly doing the unk work : At the prosecutors &apos; offices between Constance and Mannheim , unk Jahr unk conducted a total of 155 investigations for illegal races , one year later it was already 252 and in the current unk until the beginning of June already 151 .
The races were less about organized events , as can be seen from the response of the Ministry of the Interior to a request from the Landtag SPD .
In most cases , the drivers spontaneously competed against each other or unk had fled the police - this is also indicated as an illegal race .
German men between the ages of 18 and 60 sat at the wheel .
113 fines - unk mal imprisonment
Only in comparatively few cases are the unk caught and also asked to pay : According to the Ministry of the Interior unk since 2018 a total of 113 unk imposed and 15 unk pronounced unk
However , there is no evidence that the number of illegal car races is actually increasing .
Rather , other drivers reacted more sensitively than before because of the several unk accidents and processes unk years and indicated more often , unk a ministerial spokesman .
Especially popular with racers is the highway 8 . Again and again , motorists brake traffic there to provide unk space and use the free track for a race .
Last August , a dozen riders were caught near unk Kirchheim unter Teck , three months earlier it was unk 18 unk on the A8 near Merklingen .
A81 is most popular &quot; unk &quot;
On the A81 , the police register even more races than on any other motorway .
With a speed limit , an attempt is made to slow down the speedsters on the particularly affected section between Engen and Geisingen .
The mostly high-priced and pimped up sports and luxury cars often have Swiss license plates , because the drivers dodge to the lawn to Germany because of the high unk for too fast driving and car racing in the neighboring country .
For the SPD unk may reduce the speed limit not unk few routes unk &quot; With a general unk of 130 kilometers per hour unk unk us this problem on motorways unk body unk &quot; , says Martin Rivoir , the transport expert of unk .
&quot; The inhibition threshold for speedsters would be significantly higher if you weren &apos;t legally able to unk 200 kilometers per hour and more on the road here and there &quot; .
Rivoir unk thinks of enlightenment or image campaigns : &quot; unk disregards all rules in such a way and not only puts one &apos;s own life , but also the life of other road users unk play , is hardly achievable with reason unk .
ADAC calls for stronger crackdown on unk police
The ADAC is enough for unk unk : &quot; We assume that Raser unk will not be deterred by the speed limits , &quot; says unk Bach , Head of Transport and Radio at ADAC Württemberg .
It also calls for additional unk tougher controls on the affected routes .
Not infrequently , the high-speed showdown becomes unk and serious : Since January 2019 and until April 2020 , three people have died nationwide in the races , including two uninvolved in a nightly crash in Stuttgart city center and one in Gerlingen unk
There , unk November , two young men are said to have delivered a car race .
An unk vehicle came off the road , crashed against unk garden wall and remained on the unk unk the 18-year-old passenger died .
21 more people were injured in the races of the unk two years .
In the opinion of Interior Minister Thomas Strobl , however , stricter penalties are not necessary : &quot; unk need for action in order to sanction unk motor vehicle races harder unk , unk not seen &quot; unk says unk paper unk Ministry of the Interior .
unk of July 23 : Thirsty burglar steals drinks from snack
Rohrdorf : unk Mann broke into unk snack on Thursday in Rohrdorf ( Calw district ) and stole drinks and cash .
A witness heard sounds in Talstraße at around 3.40 a.m. and ran towards the snack bar .
unk he noticed a man who used drinks at the fridge and then left unk snack through a previously hammered entrance door .
The perpetrator fled towards the unk behind the snack bar .
The burglar made use of unk police unk at a cash register and stole cash in the low three-digit range .
The suspect is described as follows : He is about 1.75 to 1.80 unk tall and of unk stature .
In fact , he wore a black hoodie , black trousers and light shoes .
The police receive further testimonies .
Ackermann sprints unk victory on final stage at Sibiu Tour
Professional cyclist Pascal Ackermann won his second victory of the day on the final stage of the 10th Sibiu Tour .
The 26-year-old Palatine from Team unk prevailed on a 99-kilometre-long section of unk start and finish in Sibiu in the mass sprint , having already won a stage unk on the unk .
unk were the unk three and four for Ackermann .
In the overall classification , his unk team mate Gregor Mühlberger prevailed .
The 26-year-old had confidently won the unk in the morning and thus taken over unk top in the classification .
Only 104 riders were left in the evening at the final stage .
No less than 18 starters had fallen victim to the time limit .
&quot; I &apos;m really happy to start the season restart with an unk unk , Ackermann unk had explained his success on Saturday .
&quot; The sprint was really hectic , &quot; said the 26-year-old .
300 meters from the finish he simply put on his sprint , &quot; and it worked perfectly &quot; .
According to the unk unk world association unk , a corona test was carried out on all race participants and their companions six days before the start of the race .
During the entire tour , drivers and supervisors in isolated hygiene bubbles were separated from the organising team and the media .
unk at the start and finish were not allowed .
Control center gave instruction on lay resuscitation
unk - unk accident unk Sunday afternoon in Düsseldorf-Garath .
In an apartment building unk Kind ( 4 ) suddenly lay lifeless in the water while bathing .
According to the fire brigade , the emergency call was received shortly before 13 : 00 .
&quot; A control center dispatcher immediately gave instructions unk amateur resuscitation , &quot; a fire brigade spokesman told IMAGE .
unk incoming rescue workers took over the resuscitation measures shortly afterwards .
The child floating in unk became unk under resuscitation in the university clinic .
Why it crashed is unclear unk
The police have routinely started investigating the accident .
The fire brigade spokesman : &quot; We assume a tragic accident in the apartment &quot; .
Nuremberg : Unapproved tuning meeting - police intervene , 700 unk unk around unk people
Hundreds of cars and temporarily over 1000 people took part in a &quot; tuning meeting &quot; in the parking lot of a furniture store on Saturday night .
unk Police implemented their unk to control such events more closely .
A big tuning meeting took place on Saturday evening ( 25 July 2020 ) in Nuremberg &apos;s Südstadt unk
Several hundred vehicles were involved .
According to unk Mittelfranken , at around 10.30 p.m. the Nuremberg traffic police found an increased volume of vehicles in the area of a large parking lot in Ingolstädter Straße unk
As a result , the police carried out a large number of vehicle inspections .
Only recently , unk had announced its intention to take greater action against so-called autoposers .
Illegal tuning meeting in Nuremberg : Only a small part from unk &quot; scene &quot;
The officials counted a good 700 vehicles unk about 1100 people , the unk .
However , only a small part of those present on the &quot; unk &quot; and tuning scene is unk .
Apparently , most of the relevant scene followed the appeal of the police .
Based on the unk location of vehicles and people , it can be assumed that unk is mainly about onlookers unk .
In addition , the majority of those present adhered to the applicable infection protection regulations , in particular the unk of the minimum distance and unk wearing a mouth-nose protection .
The local radio was finished around 1 : 00 a.m .
In total , the officials found such structural changes in 10 vehicles that the operating permit had expired .
Four of these vehicles had to become unk .
unk car racing
There were no illegal car races .
&quot; The police headquarters in Middle Franconia will continue to keep an eye on what is happening and continue to carry out increased control measures , also in connection with the emergence of onlookers , by unk , it was said .
The unk News5 spoke with Jürgen Schrödinger of the unk unk &quot; unk all have beautiful rims , we must not scratch them , &quot; says Schrödinger .
unk would use special tapes .
Also because the cars are wider , the company must take care not to cause any damage .
&quot; After all , the young unk should get their cars back unscathed &quot; .
Numbers unk Employment Agency : 900 suspected cases on unk at unk
Berlin - unk Bundesagentur für Arbeit ( BA ) claims to investigate around 900 suspected cases of misuse of short-time work allowance .
&quot; With more than unk companies unk who have displayed short-time work , unk little , &quot; said Daniel Terzenbach , CEO of unk Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung unk , who is responsible for the operative business .
When many companies suddenly applied for short-time work at the beginning of the Corona crisis , the BA had to react quickly .
Usually the exam lasts up to unk weeks .
&quot; unk a lot of time was not available to us unk this hot unk .
We will take a closer look at the unk .
There will certainly be a lot to follow .
We are not naive and have a long breath . &quot;
References to unk would often come from the affected unk or trade unions .
In addition , the BA unk uses to detect abuse patterns .
According to Terzenbach , the BA is preparing for a possible unk in autumn .
&quot; Will there be unk more insolvencies unk unk previous year unk
unk assessments differ unk but we arm ourselves unk the case of the case and train already now our employees in unk employment agencies for the unk of applications on unk &quot; .
The figures are still unk , said Terzenbach .
World Heritage in Potsdam : unk dissolved in the New Garden
Potsdam - On Friday evening about 40 young people celebrated unk party in the New Garden .
The collection unk was dissolved at 8.48 p.m. by the district drivers of the Prussian Palaces and Gardens Foundation ( SPSG ) , the foundation announced on PNN request .
unk young people would have left unk unk park .
On Saturday evening , unk teenagers would have played rugby in the New Garden .
The meadow was cleared by unk , said SPSG spokesman Frank unk on Sunday .
There are always illegal celebrations in the parks
In the parks of the unk unk foundation again and again too unk where the distance and hygiene rules COVID-19 contact regulation are not complied with .
At the end of June there was a celebration with about 300 people in the park Babelsberg , a week later about 150 people celebrated in the New Garden .
Even without corona arrangement , unk parks are closed at nightfall .
The storage on the meadows is forbidden unk park regulations , it unk only unk exceptions unk
The foundation has been complaining for some time that visitors are leaving more and more garbage and destroying protected biotopes .
Meanwhile , illegal park parties have reached an unk dimension in Berlin .
In the Hasenheide unk district Neukölln unk on the night of Sunday 5000 unk unk illegal techno party .
The event was organized by the police unk .
Austria : Mass tests after unk unk tourist resort
With hundreds of tests , authorities have reacted to an unk in the unk Upper Austrian tourist resort of St. Wolfgang .
The number of confirmed cases rose to 48 , according to the state authorities in Linz .
More than 100 results are still out in the evening .
Accordingly , many of the unk young interns in tourism companies , but also at least one holiday guest unk tested positive .
Residents , guests and tourism staff were asked to stay unk unk Saturday evening in their accommodations .
The curfew was set with unk clock .
&quot; unk gibt dort und da Absagen und Stornierungen &quot; by Buchungen , unk unk Chef unk unk Wolfgangsee , unk Wieser , der dpa .
Some guests left prematurely .
St. unk is the most important tourist resort in Upper Austria with more than 400,000 unk last year .
In an unk season , about a third of the guests are Germans .
On Friday , the first infections became public .
The head of unk , Alois unk , defended on Saturday the behavior of the interns , who could have celebrated unk in several unk and got infected there .
&quot; We all liked to do that in our youth , &quot; he told the radio station Ö1 .
However , two bars were closed on Friday to prevent further infections .
The tourism association launched an information campaign to sensitize unk unk to the unk of COVID-19 .
From unk unk then hundreds of unk , holidaymakers and locals tested .
In addition , all guests who were in St. Wolfgang from 15 July were contacted .
The outbreak awakens memories unk the Austrian ski and party resort Ischgl unk Tirol , which in the early phase of the pandemic is a center of the Corona spread throughout Europe unk .
In total , more than 1500 people in Austria are currently infected with the virus .
New infections focus on Vienna and Upper Austria unk
Premier League : Man United and Chelsea for Champions League unk
London ( dpa ) - English football record champion Manchester United returns to the Champions League after a year of absence .
The Red Devils secured third place in the Premier League by defeating Leicester City 2-0 ( 0-0 ) .
The unk now have to settle for the Europa League , because FC unk still passed by and qualified for the premier class as fourth .
Aston Villa unk was allowed to fight the descent .
Manchester United took the lead with a penalty kick by Bruno Fernandes ( 71. unk ) .
After an unk card for Leicester City in the extra time , Jesse unk ( 90 + 8 ) hit the final score .
Chelsea , unk unk opponent of FC Bayern , won thanks to Mason Mount ( 45 . + 1 ) and Olivier Giroud ( 45 . + 4 ) parallel with 2 unk unk ( 2 : 0 ) against Wolverhampton Wanderers unk
unk That means a lot to me , &quot; unk unk Frank Lampard , who is against Arsenal in his first season as Chelsea coach unk in the FA Cup final .
Chelsea &apos;s victory over Wolverhampton also benefited Tottenham unk , who passed the Wolves with a meagre 1-1 ( 1-0 ) finish at Crystal Palace and finished sixth in the Europa League .
Aston Villa won the unk with unk and unk AFC Bournemouth , but had to tremble at West Ham United for a long time for class preservation unk
The unk leadership of Jack Grealish ( 84 . ) immediately compensated Andrey Yarmolenko ( 85 . ) .
Watford lost 2 – 3 ( 1 – 3 ) to Arsenal .
The unk unk that shot three unk in the season rises after five first-division years of unk .
Just like unk , that even unk a 3 : 1 unk 2 : 1 ) at Everton FC could no longer unk .
At the end unk a point .
unk Liverpool , which has been known as English unk since the end of June , secured unk with a 3 : 1 ( 1 : 1 ) victory unk Newcastle unk unk club record .
unk counters are the highest value unk the unk ever have in a football season unk .
The point record unk English football unk coach Jürgen Klopp with his team just narrowly .
unk unk holds Manchester City with 100 points unk of the season 2017 / 18 unk
unk of the Newcastle lead in the first minute Virgil van Dijk ( 38th ) , Divock Origi ( 59th ) and Sadio unk ( unk ) shot the game at unk for Liverpool .
&quot; For this wonderful unk it was an extraordinary season , &quot; said goalscorer van Dijk after the game , &quot; which should inspire us to defend the title unk
It will be difficult &quot; .
To be satisfied unk in the end unk the Premier League bosses .
Due to the Coronavirus crisis , unk England unk 13 March – 17 June was interrupted .
In the meantime unk even discussed an early abortion or a holding of the remaining games on neutral ground .
Eventually , however , the season could be played without any special incidents unk end - but as in Germany without spectators in the stadiums .
Arrests and violence at demonstrations against unk
The protests in Israel against Prime Minister Netanyahus unk are becoming increasingly violent .
unk of the night there have been violent clashes .
The Israeli police violently attacked participants in a demonstration against right-wing conservative Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on the night of Sunday .
Twelve people were arrested for participating in riots , police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said .
The police used unk other water cannons to dissolve the rally .
According to media reports on Saturday evening , around 6,000 unk gathered in the unk of Netanyahu &apos;s official residence .
They protested unk unk corruption and Netanyahu &apos;s handling of unk corona crisis .
The protesters beat drums , blew horns and called on Netanyahu to resign .
There are also participants of an unk arrested unk , unk Netanyahu supported , reported unk news site &quot; ynet &quot; .
People also demonstrated at many other unk unk Israel , including in front of the Prime Minister &apos;s private villa in the coastal city of Caesarea and in a park in Tel unk unk
According to police , a man was arrested near Tel Aviv because it is suspected that the car sprayed out of radio pepper spray unk protesters on the roadside unk unk .
Another man became unk after a stabbing attack on a demonstrator in the unk of the country .
The unk had been slightly injured in the neck .
In Jerusalem and Tel unk there have recently been several demonstrations against unk .
The unk accompany the corruption process against the head of government .
Most recently , Netanyahu was also criticized for his handling unk corona crisis unk
Among other things , he is accused of premature relaxation and a lack of preparation for a second corona wave .
The Corona crisis has hit the country ’ s economy hard .
The unk was recently more than 20 percent .
The number of unk new infections with unk unk in Israel recently rose to ever new unk unk
Accident at Ahlen ( NRW ) - Transporter crashes on car - nine injured unk Ruhrgebiet - Bild.de
Ahlen - A rear-end collision on Saturday afternoon on the unk near Ahlen caused nine minor injuries .
A motorist was unk unk both children ( 3 , 5 ) in the direction of unk .
The police : &quot; Probably unk had suddenly slowed down because unk wanted to turn off &quot; .
This must have unk drivers of a Mercedes transporter that drove behind her , probably too late unk .
He hit the car at the back .
With unk unk unk unk occupants in unk car and unk unk the transporter unk injured .
Several unk took her to an surrounding hospital .
North Korea closes border town after Corona suspected case
North Korea has so far seen unk &apos;s own measures to ward off the coronavirus a &quot; luminous unk &quot; unk
Now the country is reporting on a suspected case for the first time .
Because of a first official Corona suspicion in the country , North Korea has completely sealed off a big city for fear of disaster .
unk strictest epidemiological defenses in the unk six months unk the unk unk could have been introduced into the unk &quot; , reported the state media .
For the region around the border town unk the emergency was imposed unk
unk communist leadership proclaimed the highest alarm level .
Should the suspected case be confirmed , it would be the first official infection case with Sars-CoV-2 in the isolated country .
North Korea had not yet registered a single infection and described its defensive measures as &quot; unk success &quot; .
The information was doubted abroad .
According to unk , the symptoms of the disease were detected by an &quot; outlier &quot; who illegally crossed the military demarcation line between South and North Korea on 19 July .
The person had set off before three unk after unk and unk now unk returned the limit .
For the border crossing within unk four kilometers wide unk mostly still mined military buffer zone unk it from South Korea initially no confirmation .
According to reports by the national news agency Yonhap , South Korea &apos;s military allowed the possibility of an illegal border crossing unk North Korea unk high .
There were investigations into some people unk
North Korea , according to its own statements , held on Saturday on suspicion of an emergency meeting of the Labour Party &apos;s Politburo chaired by leader Kim Jong unk .
The &quot; dangerous situation in Kaesong could trigger an unk unk destructive unk &quot; unk
Kim had already ordered unk Freitag as a preventive measure to &quot; block Kaesong completely and isolate each district and the region from others unk unk unk continued unk .
The affected person as well as all the people in Kaesong who had unk with her had become unk under unk unk .
The central military commission of the party should therefore investigate unk &quot; unk &quot; as well as the behavior of the responsible military unit and , if necessary , impose severe punishment .
It is estimated that about 300,000 people live in Kaesong .
Tension before Council meeting : City East and noise protection are still under discussion before a great summer break
&quot; In addition to environmental issues , the committee members will also vote on the development plan for the major project Innenstadtentwicklung-Ost &quot; , unk it rather casually in the central part of the municipal press release for the next municipal council meeting on Tuesday , 28 July , at 4.30 p.m. in the Great Hall unk CongressCentrums Pforzheim .
In particular , the upgrading of the eastern city is controversial until the end .
The majorities for this are scarce , most recently even negative in individual committees depending on the presence .
unk unk from the economy ( unk unk Immobilien unk Handel and IT ) , which developed unk out of the citizenry and then unk administration and unk now not after unk ten years unk unk unk fail unk let unk criticized project opponent Reinhard Klein as unk extra-parliamentary opposition &quot; , &quot; unsuspecting &quot; , &quot; speculation unk , &quot; denigration &quot; and &quot; unk unk &quot; .
&quot; Everyone thinks it &apos;s better unk unk &quot; , unk Klein , unk has been a member of the municipal council for a year as an unk representative of the citizens &apos; list Pforzheim .
In fact , after reading the treaties , he is in this position : &quot; I know what I &apos;m talking about &quot; .
The unk comes the unk cheaper , the technical town hall unk contrary to statements of the city administration after subsidies , of whose existence Klein is convinced to renovate for 8.5 million euros .
The city will develop quite differently than unk and unk the proponent from the economy predicts .
unk City unk own power and not unk investor : This is his plan unk The FDP / FW unk UB / LED faction , which also rejects the project , presented an alternative concept unk
It also essentially envisages the renovation of the Technical Town Hall , the keeping open of the castle mountain unk the rental of unk Ex-Thales for administrative areas and a smaller unk ideally with local carriers .
Environmental issues play a central role
In addition , environmental issues will play a central role .
Among other things , the municipal council will vote on unk unk .
unk includes various measures for the unk of the Pforzheim population before health noise pollution , caused by road traffic , unk often speed reductions .
In a press release unk local transport club Germany welcomes the unk introduction of Tempo 30 . However , the unk managers in unk city are not innocent that this must come about because they have only contributed to the massive increase in car traffic and thus noise by neglecting regular bus traffic with thinned bars and by little commitment to cycling , according to the VCD .
The municipal council also votes on the participation of the city of the energy and climate protection agency Pforzheim / Enzkreis .
In addition , unk on the agenda of joining the unk of the state of Baden-Württemberg , the redefinition of the parental contributions unk the urban day-care facilities unk the application for admission to the smart city promotion of the federal government .
Citizens are welcome , but must heed Corona protection measures .
Tim Zimmermann starts the new season with a lot of delay
Tim Zimmermann will start his first season unk ADAC GT Masters on 31 July with almost half an unk delay .
Before the league of supercars started regular operation unk , now the first unk was on .
For Zimmermann , unk was all about getting to know his Lamborghini Huracan GT3 unk .
The Corona crisis has long prevented Tim Zimmermann from tackling his first business trip unk new unk Huracan from Grasser Racing .
This was now possible under special hygiene conditions .
unk 23-year-old Langenargener made his first laps on the Lausitzring and got used to his premiere in the GT3 car .
&quot; There are already a few things that are different with the Porsche from the unk , &quot; says Zimmermann .
&quot; With ABS , for example , you have to go into the curves differently .
But it was really a lot of fun &quot; .
unk also had fun with Steijn Schothorst , with whom he shared his orange sports car in the GT Masters unk unk
The Dutchman is despite his unk 25 years of unk experienced unk GT sports unk could help his new team-mate in many things .
&quot; I &apos;m not a beginner in motorsport unk but every new series also brings new challenges &quot; , unk Zimmermann .
unk Steijn and unk understand us unk and we have made enormous progress at Lausitzring unk from session to session &quot; .
Exactly there - at the Lausitzring - the GT Masters will also host its first race .
From 31 July , the 33 supercars will race through Lusatia .
Zimmermann , who is one of 15 new series singles unk , knows the unk .
In 2015 he was a guest at the Motodrom .
&quot; It worked quickly and unk had to get used to the track unk little unk &quot; , says unk , the unk of the Friedrichshafen racing community Graf Zeppelin starts unk
&quot; The Lausitzring has many fast passages that you have to make the most of to be unk &quot; .
How fast Zimmermann really is turns out in two unk .
&quot; Of course , the teams play poker a little bit at unk unk &quot; , unk he unk
&quot; Finally we are very satisfied unk we are happy unk unk first weekend at Lausitzring &quot; .
The race in Brandenburg will be the prelude to a densely packed calendar .
Seven races are scheduled until the beginning of November .
At the moment stand is that no viewers will be allowed unk but there is a prominent unk .
In mid-August at the Nürburgring unk Ex-Formula 1 driver Niko Hülkenberg into the GT steering wheel unk .
British Transport Minister caught cold by quarantine decision
The decision of the British government to quarantine unk for two weeks after her return unk caught the country &apos;s transport minister cold , according to press reports .
Accordingly , Grant Shapps is currently on holiday in Spain , unk his colleagues at home on Saturday unk measure decided .
Due to the increasing numbers of Corona in Spain , the unk London cabinet cancelled the country unk of the list of those countries from which entry without quarantine conditions is possible .
The new scheme will apply from today , Sunday , so Shapps will also have to quarantine after his return .
In Austria , unk government has imposed unk quarantine measures for returnees .
unk the regulation applies to those who are unk unk just on the deadline holiday , only from unk Saturday , August 1 unk and was not introduced overnight .
In Austria , by the way , unk is still considered one of the &quot; safe countries &quot; for which no quarantine is needed in unk .
&quot; Many ministers may have known in advance that there is a possibility that unk will be quarantined for holidaymakers Spain , &quot; commented unk Diane Abbot .
&quot; But apparently nobody bothered to tell Grant Shapps . &quot;
Almost a month after the end of the Corona emergency in Spain and the expiration of the strict curfew , the unk rise again in the unk .
unk blame the nightlife for unk new spread .
Spain unk to the favorite holiday countries of the British .
unk unnecessary travel to the Spanish mainland , the unk government currently advises against , the Canary Islands popular with British holidaymakers unk and unk are unk except unk
To date , more than 272,000 infections with the novel coronavirus and more than 28,000 deaths have been registered in Spain .
Russia : unk of the Navy : Putin announces unk for warships
Russian unk Vladimir Putin has announced unk Tag unk Marine in unk Land to equip the warships with unk hypersonic weapons .
With these weapons , which are unique in the world , the fighting possibilities of the Russian naval forces would be expanded , Putin said on Sunday in St. Petersburg at the central naval parade .
According to the Interfax agency , the Ministry of Defense also discussed successful tests of the Zirkon hypersonic missile built for the Navy .
The hypersonic weapons have a multiple of the unk of about unk meters per second .
They are considered weapons of the future unk
Underwater tropedeo continues to unk
unk would also continue at the atomic unk underwater torpedo Poseidon , it was said .
The planned sea drone is planned for unk unk coastal destinations .
The president , the unk unk with a military boat sailed unk said that in unk year alone new ships would be put into service with the individual fleet associations of the largest country on earth .
Russia has such a large coastal area as no other country in the world .
For 300 years , the Russian Navy has been reliably protecting Russia , Putin said at the day celebrated by sailors nationwide .
In many other Russian coastal towns , too , the naval forces celebrated Marine Day with parades .
In Syria , where unk fights alongside ruler Bashar al-Assad , the military demonstrated unk of a weapons show in the unk of Tartu &apos;s strength .
Ammunition was also fired there unk
A video published by the Ministry of Defense showed not only warships , unk a submarine , but also unk and jets .
Hurricane &quot; Hanna &quot; reaches Texas : unk complicated by Corona
Washington - The first hurricane of this year &apos;s season over the Atlantic has encountered unk in Texas .
life-threatening floods , strong winds of heavy rainfall now threatened parts of the US state , unk the unk hurricane center of the US climate authority NOAA in the night on Sunday ( local time ) unk unk unk
Governor Greg Abbott called for a state of emergency for many districts .
According to the US media , the radio unk rampant in Texas the work of the helpers continued .
Evacuees called for caution
&quot; Every hurricane is a tremendous challenge , &quot; unk Abbott says the Houston Chronicle .
Looking at unk the hurricane in Texas , he added , &quot; unk unk is complicated and exacerbated considering sweeping through an area that is the state &apos;s most affected by COVID-19 . &quot;
According to John Hopkins University , about 5,000 people have died in Texas alone as a result of the Corona pandemic .
Abbott called on people to leave their homes to be careful .
They unk practices , unk unk we got used to &quot; , do not disregard unk wearing masks unk said the governor according to the station CBS unk
It is important that everyone kept their distance .
Therefore unk in some places also provided hotel rooms unk .
unk should be tested for unk in emergency shelters .
Damage was initially reported only from the coastal town of Port Mansfield .
Storm warning withdrawn
With wind speeds of up to 150 kilometers per hour , unk Hanna &quot; was hit on land on unk Island Padre Island just off the Texas coast .
The tropical storm was previously upgraded to the lowest level one hurricane .
For the coastal section of Port Mansfield unk Sargent , an unk had been issued and later withdrawn .
unk expected a weakening , unk &quot; Hanna &quot; moved further inland and headed for northeastern Mexico .
&quot; Douglas &quot; moves towards Hawaii
In the Pacific , hurricane &quot; Douglas &quot; travelled in unk night to Sunday with wind speeds of about 150 kilometers per hour unk towards Hawaii .
However , the hurricane center unk that it further weakens unk .
unk According to prediction , it is said to be on Sunday ( local time ) near the largest islands of Hawaii unk - then as a storm just below the hurricane threshold .
Over the Atlantic Ocean , NOAA expected an above-average unk hurricane season this year , according to a forecast from unk .
From June to unk November , up to ten hurricanes could be expected , unk could become up to six very unk cyclones , the authority had declared .
unk average there are unk year over unk Atlantic six hurricanes , three unk develop into storms of great strength unk
Given available climate data and the higher water temperature in the Atlantic and Caribbean , the probability of a normal season was only 30 percent , that of a below-average unk unk at ten percent , it was said at the time .
US President Donald Trump wrote on Twitter that his administration was closely observing the storms and in contact with the states concerned .
Four goals revoked : video assistant &quot; punished &quot; Sassuolo
Sassuolos Filip Djuricic were stripped of two goals
Naples - Four goals unk , four unk revoked : Sassuolo unk experienced a raven black evening at the 0 : 2 ( 0 : 1 ) at the SSC Naples in the Italian football league Serie A - and was really angry unk the video assistant of the referee .
&quot; A festival of ungiven gates for Sassuolo .
Never before has the VAR been so hard against a team unk , &quot; commented the &quot; Corriere dello Sport &quot; .
Host Naples had taken the lead through a goal by defender Elseid Hisaj in the 8th minute , in the 32nd minute Filip Djuricic initially cheered on the balance .
The video Assistant Referee ( unk ) unk the hit back because of an offside position .
Five minutes later Djuricic shot the ball unk into the net - again the VAR intervened .
unk the gates of attacker Francesco unk ( 50 . ) and Domenico Berardi ( 61 . ) the referee team withdrew after reference of the VAR .
In the extra time Allan made the 2-0 final score for Naples and the bitter evening for Sassuolo perfect .
&quot; The VAR is unk Sassuolo worse than a unk on the street and punishes Sassuolo like no unk before .
The new technology sets records , &quot; writes &quot; Gazzetta unk Sport &quot; unk
FC Bayern Munich : unk injured
Munich unk dpa ) - The start unk the hot preparation phase unk the Champions League started for unk FC Bayern with a setback .
Hansi Flick , who recovered &quot; reasonably well &quot; after an unk short holiday and a few training days , has to consider after the first team training how unk can his successful defense unk after the injury of world champion Benjamin Pavard .
The Frenchman , who has the third most minutes behind Captain Manuel Neuer and midfielder Joshua Kimmich , suffered a band injury at the unk foot root and threatens to be missing in decisive king class duels .
In the Munich dirty weather , the right-wing defender broke a training game unk and was driven off the field with a golf kart .
unk long the unrestricted unk in the fight for the unk must pause , is open unk
An appearance in the round of 16 second leg against Chelsea FC on 8 August should be difficult , hoping for the final tournament unk of the 24-year-old starting on 12 August in Lisbon .
unk Bavaria do not want to be stopped by the mishap from the training on Sunday .
In his personal unk , Flick called the three attributes he wants to see from his stars on his way to Portugal &apos;s capital .
Quality unk unk and concentration should show his victorious title collectors in the ideally following 28 unk until the King &apos;s class endgame on August 23 unk
&quot; We have the unk unk championship and trophy just great unk .
Now it &apos;s time to create something special , &quot; said Flick .
Until the people of Munich can deal concretely with the unk and previously a training camp in unk Algarve , however , unk has the eighth final duty against Chelsea FC .
After unk 3 : unk in the first leg before the Corona break , the Londoners in unk domestic arena unk as in the lost &quot; finale dahoam unk 2012 unk become unk to unk .
&quot; We have to go down the door .
unk want to win , create good conditions unk trust with a good game &quot; , demanded unk .
A test for unk is due on Friday against Olympique Marseille .
With a long speech , Flick had sworn a unique August to his stars , who had 13 days of vacation after unk Double .
31 players welcomed unk on Säbener Straße , unk also the new actors around noble purchasing Leroy unk unk the first after his change from Manchester unk all new colleagues on the field unk unk
&quot; Leroy fit in like all the new ones , &quot; Flick reported .
But instead of the new unk unk unk season , when Sané &amp; Co. are no longer only allowed to train , unk Flick much rather about the unk title project of the German unk .
After days of individual and small group training , they are now trained in team strength for the Londoners , who are , in contrast , unk Flick ensemble in playing rhythm .
unk could have a quarter-finals against FC Barcelona and Lionel Messi , in the semi-finals Real Madrid , Manchester unk or Juventus Turin are possible opponents .
unk way to the final in Lisbon &quot; unk not so easy &quot; , stressed the head coach , who can rely from Tuesday on the services of his new assistant Miroslav Klose in training .
The World Cup record scorer unk and Flick know from many common tournament preparation what matters in the 0-on-100 tuning unk .
Flick praised the work &quot; a pleasure &quot; with his current team .
unk &quot; focus on winning &quot; is an impressive characteristic of his team .
At the tournament with nine-man teams on Sunday , things went ambitious .
Of the top performers , everyone was there , including unk Thiago and defenseman David Alaba , whose whereabouts are not assured beyond the King &apos;s class season .
Formula 1 needs a special rule to select its world champion
Since it is not possible to drive on the required number of continents , the FIA must improvise to award unk the World Championship titles .
All American races were cancelled .
Racing calendar unk ever more concrete
unk Race calendar of the current Formula One season continues to take shape .
In addition to the ten confirmed Grand Prix , three more race tracks were added during the week .
In October , the Nürburgring in Germany and Portimão in Portugal will be driven .
On the first of November Lewis Hamilton and Co. fight for unk on the traditional Italian race track in Imola .
Thus , the race calendar 2020 is 13 unk .
unk We are pleased to continue to achieve unk unk when we complete our plans for unk season 2020 , &quot; said Formula One boss Chase Carey .
A total of 15 to 18 races in the premier class of unk are to be completed in this extraordinary season .
unk wants Formula 1 her season in Asia .
The unk race calendar will be fixed and published in the coming weeks .
According to media reports , performances in Vietnam and Malaysia could take place at the end of November before the already officially targeted races in Bahrain unk Abu Dhabi unk December .
Regulations requires race on three unk
However , the regulations of unk 1 require at least three unk races for the award of the World Championship .
Even if , as currently planned , only two continents are driven , there is a world champion .
With the help of a special rule , the FIA wants to award the titles under unk on &quot; extraordinary circumstances &quot; because of the coronavirus pandemic .
The traditional start of the season in unk in March had to be cancelled at short notice due to unk corona crisis .
A return to the continent unk unk this year is not unk .
In addition , Formula 1 in unk year will not be a guest in America .
Refusal encounters criticism in unk
Due to the tense corona situation , the unk Canada unk races will not take place in the USA , Mexico and Brazil .
&quot; We look forward to being too unk with them again in the unk season , &quot; Carey explained .
The rejection of unk America races met with criticism , especially in Brazil : unk The rejection was not surprising for unk , but we do not accept the reasons for this , &quot; said Tamas Rohonyi , promoter of the Grand Prix in São Paulo .
For example , the number of infections in the São Paulo area is significantly lower than in unk unk Brazil .
Moreover , the concerns of some teams not to drive in Brazil would not justify unk .
We are prepared for the required security measures .
unk Thunberg : Evil look against Donald Trump went around the world
Greta Thunberg unk about her meeting unk US President Donald unk .
Greta Thunberg was a guest on unk Colbert &apos;s well-known latenight show via video and revealed in an interview what she had in mind with her unk unk Donald Trump .
unk Greta Thunberg was a guest in a popular US latenight show via video .
Among other things , she told about her fight against the unk of the world unk
unk unk her famous &quot; evil eye &quot; when she met Donald Trump , the teenager spoke .
New York City - In unk past two unk climate activist Greta Thunberg unk tireless commitment to unk &quot; Fridays For Future &quot; movement attracted attention unk
unk spoke in a well-known latenight show about her plans in the future as well as her meeting with US President Donald Trump at the UN climate summit in the unk year .
unk Stephen Colbert welcomed 17-year-old Thunberg on Tuesday unk of your show unk unk unk a longer interview with unk Schwedin .
She spoke not only about her fight against climate change , but also about her conflict with the powerful of the world .
&quot; There are some things that surprised me , &quot; she said .
&quot; How far people go to steer unk away from the climate crisis &quot; , she shook unk
&quot; Everything from organized hate campaigns to threats just because a group of children take to the streets &quot; she experienced .
unk and leading politicians who mock them on social media or even try to make them unk , she finds &quot; funny &quot; because the reactions show her &quot; because they have no other answer to it &quot; unk
It became particularly interesting at the end of the interview , when Greta Thunberg became into a well-known unk unk , in which she threw US President Trump after a bitter evil unk .
At the UN climate summit 2019 in New unk , for which the nude goddess sailed across the Atlantic , her expressive unk was captured by unk cameras unk has since been seen by countless people on the Internet .
The short clip resulted in a GIF , an animated image that ultimately became unk one of the most commonly used images for Trump opponents .
But what did the 17-year-old think about the US president unk at this moment ?
unk the relatively open question of Stephen Colbert she answered only briefly and dry : &quot; To be honest unk , I think that requires no further explanation &quot; .
The experienced satirist had probably not expected the quick-witted answer and disappeared briefly laughing from the picture .
With her &quot; How dare you ? &quot; speech unk unk principles of climate protection , she was remembered by many at unk .
unk Immobile with triple pack for Lazio Rome
Ciro Immobile is now on a par with Bavaria &apos;s Robert Lewandowski in the race for Europe &apos;s Golden Shoe .
The former Dortmund Ciro Immobile still has the best chance of becoming the top scorer of the Italian football championship .
unk former BVB professional unk at the 5 : 1 ( 1 : unk unk victory of Lazio Rome at Hellas unk unk hit , among them two transformed penalty in the extra times of both halves unk
Thus , unk 30-year-old from the fourth in the standings now has 34 season goals on his account before the end - just as many Robert Lewandowski unk FC Bayern Munich scored in the expired unk .
In Italy Cristiano Ronaldo follows with so far 30 goals unk the Portuguese superstar met with the leader in the evening still Sampdoria Genoa .
Fleetwood Mac co-founder unk Green died
His life was like a rollercoaster ride unk After unk rapid ascent with Fleetwood Mac , unk went steeply downhill and then slowly up again .
The blues rock guitarist unk Green died at the age of 73 .
Ingenious guitarist , drug junkie , cult pendant : The co-founder of the band Fleetwood Mac unk Peter Green , is unk .
He unk died peacefully in his sleep at the age of 73 , family members told unk in an unk statement that another unk would be announced for the unk days .
Top musicians like Peter Frampton praised Green as one of the best blues and rock guitarists .
Mick Fleetwood spoke in an emotional response of a &quot; monumental loss &quot; unk all unk and current members of the band Fleetwood Mac .
The drummer unk and the guitarist unk had long since formed legendary band in London in 1967 unk to this day is his dreamy instrumental hit &quot; Albatross &quot; .
The life of the musician ( &quot; unk End unk The Game &quot; , &quot; In The Skies &quot; ) resembled a rollercoaster ride unk
With Fleetwood Mac unk experienced a rapid rise - the unk celebrated its greatest unk but unk without unk .
unk is said to have given disputes , unk unk wanted all the profits of the group for charity unk .
He began to perform in wide robes and unk large crucifix .
Psychological problems should also have played a role unk
Just three years after unk founded unk Green the band in 1970 .
A social unk followed .
unk blues rock guitarist unk under drug abuse and schizophrenia unk as biographers reported .
For a long time Green was treated in psychiatry unk
During most of the unk years , the musician disappeared from the scene .
He is said to have lived temporarily on the street , worked as a cemetery gardener and spent unk unk unk Israeli kibbutz for a while .
Green was born in Bethnal Green , London , in 1946 .
Already in young unk unk he stands for unk like B.B. King unk Muddy Waters .
At the age of eleven he learned the first guitar grips .
At the age of 15 , the teenager started playing guitar professionally and five years later got the unk to be on stage as lead guitarist for the instrumental band Peter B &apos;s Looners unk
He was hired by the Bluesbreakers as a replacement for his idol Eric unk .
In the middle of the blues boom , Green founded Fleetwood Mac in the summer of 1967 together with his Bluesbreakers colleagues unk unk and John McVie .
The unk &quot; Albatross &quot; composed by Green gave unk the first number one hit in the winter of 1968 / unk and catapulted it to the unk of British unk .
But the rapid rise soon showed unk unk : Green unk the media hype did not , his experiments unk the drug LSD became more and more extreme .
He later commented on the life between music and addiction in an interview : &quot; The unk that is unk to me in life is unk are the unk - the best was unk to land a number 1 hit &quot; .
Towards the end of the decade , unk managed surprisingly unk attention success with unk album inspired by religious themes .
unk Mac swam without him in unk formation on an unk .
Their 1977 album &quot; Rumours &quot; sold more than 40 million copies .
Despite unk small solo successes , Green did not make a major comeback unk until 1996 with a group of friendly musicians new to unk start unk .
The British &quot; Daily unk &quot; spoke at that time of a unk returning to Earth .
Free from drugs unk green with the Peter Green Splinter Group some albums until the band got unk in 2004 .
For music experts , he was already a blues legend during his lifetime - and with his gentle sound of an unk most influential guitarist of the past decades .
