Biker reacts at lightning speed and prevents
On Friday evening , a traffic accident occurred on the Machtolsheim Merklingen highway , in which a motorcyclist was only slightly injured thanks to his quick reaction .
Motorist overlooks biker
At around 9.30 p.m. , a 44-year-old driver wanted to turn left with her VW from Merklingen onto the state road 1230 in the direction of Machtolsheim .
The 24-year-old motorcyclist coming from Nellingen overlooked the 24-year-old motorcyclist from the direction Nellingen .
During the collision , hand and foot brake levers fly away
The biker still tried to dodge the car , but still striamed it at the rear of the vehicle .
Due to the stripping process , the hand and foot brake levers were demolished on the Suzuki and the driver was no longer able to brake .
At present , he steered his motorcycle in the Grünsteifen next to the road and let it roll out to fall down .
Biker suffers leg injury
Due to the collision with the car , Biker suffered an injury to the case and had to be treated in a clinic .
Mamming Corona Mass Infection 174 Harvester Infected
After a corona mass infection from a large vegetable farm in mamming , almost 500 people are under quarantine and are no longer allowed to leave the farm .
Security service monitors the outlife ban .
A total of 174 harvesters tested positive for the corona pathogen Sars-CoV-2 during the series examination , as announced by the district office on Saturday evening .
&quot; In order to avoid further spread , we unfortunately have to take step to protect the population , &quot; explained District Administrator Werner Bumeder ( CSU ) .
Previously , seven employees had already become infected in the company - this was the reason of the series test .
The farm is a large vegetable farm that cultivates strawberries , cucumbers , cabbage and beetroot - cucumbers but only for inlay glasses .
Mamming is a rural community about 3300 not far from Dingolfing &apos;s large BMW plant .
appealed to the citizens to keep calm : &quot; According to information , it is a closed group of people .
On the farm , uninfected employees were separated , the site is now surrounded by a barrier fence .
The Greens and SPD gave the state government co-responsibility .
The two opposition groups accused Prime Minister Markus Söder ( ) and his cabinet of controlling those of seasonal workers .
&quot; can take revenge when such and lockdowns have to be ordered , &quot; said Jürgen , the parliamentary managing director of the Greens .
The SPD sees this very similar to this : &quot; Following the Corona outbreak in mid-May , we have already called for a special control programme for farms with harvesters , &quot; said environmental expert Florian von Brunn .
&quot; Especially the hygiene conditions at the workplace and the living conditions from our are sharply controlled .
This is obviously not . &quot;
The outbreak came with announcement .
Aidenbachstraße : Dangerous dispute : 19-year-old falls into the track bed after Schubser
In a dispute between two youth groups on Aidenbachstraße , a 19-year-old slipped through a thrust and a track bed .
Obersendling - On Friday , subway station Aidenbachstraße came to a dispute between two youth groups .
A passer-by alerted police with several strips .
According to the first investigation , a Munich ( 17 ) pushed a 19-year-old to the ground .
The boy slid over the platform edge and fell a track bed .
People from the 17-year-old group helped the overthrown to climb out of the track .
There was no danger of an incoming track .
According to the police , there were clashes between the two people .
The 17-year-old initially fled the scene , but he could be investigated in retrospect .
His father &apos;s accompaniment went to the police inspection .
Against the 17-year-old bodily injury .
Report : Seehofer urges for data retention
Data retention is currently
However , Federal Minister of the Interior Horst Seehofer calls for an extension
He wants to strengthen the fight against it .
Federal Minister of the Interior Horst Seehofer ( ) calls for a media report an extended one - instead of the planned ten weeks half a year .
As reported by the &quot; Bild am Sonntag &quot; reports , Justice Minister Christine Lambrecht SPD ) asked for a quick change of the law in a letter .
Seehofer therefore wants to step up measures against child abuse
He makes it sensible to &quot; make the necessary adjustments in the law now , &quot; quotes those from the letter .
Data retention is currently subject to data retention is currently suspended .
A decision of the ECJ is expected .
Seehofer , however , wants the changes beforehand so that they could be applied after a possible positive judgment , he continues .
A spokesman for the Ministry of Justice told the newspaper that it could only make sense whether it needed if the courts had decided .
In the fight against child abuse and child pornography , Seehofer had already spoken out in favour of data retention in June .
NBA : Stripclub hyle for clipper star Lou Williams
Excitement of the NBA !
Lou Williams ( ) , professional basketball Los Angeles Clippers , is said to have left the tournament quarters in Disney World in Orlando , Florida with permission for a funeral .
According to US media reports , he still recorded the strip club &quot; Magic City &quot; in Atlanta in the evening .
, who is said to have admitted the visit according to ESPN , is back in Isloation , is tested daily on COVID-19 .
His reason is the visit : Chicken Wings .
In February last year , &quot; Sweet Lou &quot; , as he is called the NBA , expressed his love for precisely these wings .
The American wrote : &quot; Magic City and Blue Flame ( another strip club in Atlanta , usually have the Wings in town .
NBA insider Shams Charania announced on Sunday on Twitter that it has prescribed a ten-day quarantine .
Thus , the Clippers-Star misses the first official games after the test game phase .
In Disney World , the NBA wants to play the Corona season .
Currently , the best 22 teams are preparing for training games for the season final , which starts in Friday .
Söder expresses itself on the corona location after mass infecton
Munich - Health Minister Melanie Huml ( CSU has already announced a test offensive for large farms on Sunday .
The press conference will be seen on our homepage .
The Mamming case in the district of Dingolfing-Landau has scared authorities and politicians .
Almost 500 harvesters from countries are currently working on the large vegetable farm , and the Corona pathogen has become infected .
The farm is now under quarantine and is closed off with a building fence .
No one is allowed to leave the premises , become food .
The authorities now offer free Corona tests to the good 3,300 inhabitants of the municipality .
Since the harvesters had little contact with the local population , the Landratsamt previously assumes that the infections have not spread to the farm .
&quot; Conscience remorse &quot; : confession of the alleged arsonist of Nantes
&quot; My client has shown himself to be cooperative , &quot; lawyer Quentin Chabert told the newspaper .
The defender added : &quot; He very much regrets the deeds , the confession was a liberation for him . &quot;
His mandate was &quot; plagued by remorse and taken away by the extent of the destruction &quot; .
In the event of a conviction , years of prison and a fine of 150,000 euros threaten .
The Cathedral of St. Peter and Paul Cathedral in Nantes had been gridened in a fire on the night of Saturday last week .
The fire had broken out in three distant parts of the church .
Laboratory tests confirmed the suspicion of arson
He was arrested a few hours after the fire .
He was released after a day .
The man works as a volunteer for the diocese of Nantes and was responsible for the closure of the party on the eve of the fire .
Since there was no trace of a violent in the church , he quickly came into the sight of the investigators .
Discuss the abolition of the 50 1 rule
Former DFB President Reinhard Grindel has recommended thinking about the abolition of the 50 + 1 rule
&quot; German football should at least discuss conditions and clear rules for investors before the EU Commission creates facts accompli , &quot; said Grindel the &quot; Bild am Sonntag &quot; .
He stressed : &quot; 50 + 1 rules do not work for the clubs that can most likely to become dangerous to Bavaria and Dortmund , 50 + 1 rules do not work anyway : see Leipzig or Leverkusen .
In this respect , one cannot avoid the debate whether it is not necessary to facilitate the involvement of clubs that want to break into this phalanx to involve investors . &quot;
has doubts as to whether in German football there is to allow majority shareholdings , which are in the Bundesliga by the 50 + 1 rule .
&quot; There remains a legal risk to draw investment fences around the Bundesliga as a business location in a European internal market , &quot; said Grindel .
The former DFB boss sees the danger that &quot; the attempts to ensure more competitive balance in the Bundesliga will end up only competitiveness top clubs at European level , but no more in the championship &quot; .
Even a equal distribution of TV money will achieve a decisive effect .
&quot; FC Bayern makes sales of 750 million euros , Borussia Dortmund of 500 million and RB Leipzig of 300 million
The differences are therefore already immense among the first three clubs .
The other 15 have an average budget of 130 million , &quot; said the 58-year-old .
Looking at the past , Grindel feels betrayed
Unfortunately , there were people who noticed this mistake and pierced the press to respond about it , &quot; Grindel said about the adoption of an expensive watch that resigned in April 2019 .
&quot; That occupied me very humanly . &quot;
The gift worth 11,000 er from Ukrainian official .
&quot; I committed a compliance violation , and it was right to draw conclusions from it , &quot; Grindel said .
&quot; I dealt with the ominous watch present in a completely transparent and unsuspecting .
Many in the DFB knew . &quot;
He had never &quot; made a secret of it , &quot; the 58-year-old assured .
&quot; This may be called naive , at least this form of transparency is the complete opposite of corruption . &quot;
&quot; Black Lives Matter &quot; : and a
The protests against the United States have escalated again by Donald Trump ’ s use of federal police in several cities .
On Saturday , there were clashes between demonstrators and police officers in various cities .
Three people were injured in Louisville and 16 people in Seattle .
In Austin , a person was shot while a demonstration march was crossing a intersection .
Previously , there had been clashes in Portland against racism and again .
The security forces , including federal police officials , used tear gas on the night of Saturday and drove demonstrators .
Hundreds of armed protesters marched through Louisville in Kentucky , demanding that those responsible for the death of Breonna Taylor .
The 26-old student was shot in March during a drug raid in her apartment in March .
The goal of the raid was others who did not live at all , no drugs were found .
On Saturday , when a member of a group that called itself an armed alliance of black Americans gave one , three people were injured .
According to NBC , they were taken to the hospital .
None of them were in mortal danger .
The police set up barricades because counter-demonstrators of a white militia
In the end , there was no clash between the two groups .
In the Texas Austin person in the course of a Black Lives Matter &quot; demonstration and died .
The police took a suspect into custody .
She did not do any more information on the circumstances of the crime .
Mayor Steve told the New York Times &quot; that , like many in the city , he was &quot; inconsolable and stunned &quot; because of what happened .
Also in the American metropolis of Seattle , too , demonstrators delivered clashes with the police on Saturday in the American metropolis of Seattle on Saturday
They set fire to construction cars in front of a youth prison , the police put grenades and pepper spray .
According to the Seattle Times , 16 people were arrested for resistance to police officers or bodily harm .
In the city of Oakland , California , courthouse set on fire in the City of Oakland , California .
A small group of demonstrators had smashed windows , fidown fireworks , and blinded police officers with lasers , the Oakland police on Saturday evening ( local time ) .
The fire could be quickly extinguished
In Aurora , a suburb of Denver , Colorado , a car drove through a crowd demonstrating on a highway .
According to the police , a protester fired a gun and at least injured was taken to the hospital .
In addition , a court was also tried there and a fire was set , according to the police .
Investigations began .
Rakoczy in Bad Kissingen : Historical defy Corona
Although the big break was missing in the spa town , visitors and performers enjoyed the Rakoczy flair of the alternative program .
It was unusual for visitors , performers and : The Rakoczy weekend without a Rakoczy festival .
: Even though the big party mile in the city center was missing , which burns and program highlights like Saale burns Rakoczy ball or procession , yet many Corona-compliant alternative program came theis .
&quot; we succeeded in spreading Rakoczy flair , &quot; says Spa Director Sylvie Thormann .
The guests would have accepted it well .
In principle , one returns to the beginnings of the Rakoczy festival , as well as the historical focus of the festival stood .
Atmosphere
Vesna Konhäuser has been visiting Kissingen with her husband for more than 25 years for the Rakoczy festival Kissingen for more than 25 years .
So also this time Corona year .
The couple have made themselves comfortable at the Luitpold Casino , observes the historical facts while strolling and listens to the Cuban live music casino restaurant .
&quot; I find it so pleasant , &quot; says Konhäuser .
She misses the crowds that otherwise belong to Rakoczy .
But she lacks the usual program highlights , all Saale burns on Friday evening as well as the historic parade and that on Sunday evening .
&quot; That &apos;s a pity .
The weather would have been great this year , &quot; she says .
Rakoczy equestrian tournament again
For performers of the historical spa guests , the alternative program meant more work
For example for Christina Gold , who participates in the procession in a normal year and can be seen there on the carriage of the .
This year she was on foot in the city on Saturdays and Sundays in costume on foot in the city on Saturdays and Sundays .
&quot; is already more strenuous , otherwise we have easier , &quot; she says .
The equestrian club had less to do when they were on the road in the park .
&quot; very much hope to take place again next year , &quot; says Chairman Ulrike Waldhofen .
She announced that after several years of hiatus in 2021 , a Rakoczy equestrian tournament would also take place in 2021 .
28 Corona cases for Spanish second division club Fuenlabrada
The Spanish football second division club CF Fuenlabrada is sliding deeper and deeper into the crisis of a corona outbreak .
Since the newcomer from Madrid had flown to a match in the city of A Coruña despite the first corona cases on 20 July , a low blow follows the next
By Sunday , 28 players team members had been tested positive , one of whom came to , like the club .
Fuenlabrada from the city of the same name southwest of still had the chance to reach the ascent playoffs .
Now even relegation to the B group of the second .
The match against La Coruña last Monday was cancelled at the last moment , the prosecutor &apos;s office is investigating for a possible offense against public health , the Supreme Sports Authority CSD is considering the forced relegation of the club .
Players and other team members are quarantined in a hotel .
&quot; Until the sixth day of quarantine , they have not received a fresh towel or gel , &quot; wrote the sports newspaper &quot; AS &quot; .
Photos show how players hung up underwear and club clothes in their rooms in the hotel to dry after they apparently had to wash them themselves .
The bed linen had not been changed for five days .
One problem is food .
Neither is it good nor sufficient , wrote &quot; AS &quot; .
The club stay , on the other hand , with that you are satisfied with the hotel .
The club &apos;s lawyer , Javier Tebas Llanas , rejected .
They did not violate the corona rules established by the Football Association had not been violated , stressed the son of the president of the Spanish division , Javier Tebas , as the news agency Europa Press and the &quot; Marca &quot; reported that they did not violate the corona rules set by the Football Association .
Before the departure , there were infected people until 19 July , but they were all isolated and travelled along .
Immediately before the flight on Monday to A Coruña , all and team members were tested again .
When the team was already in A Coruña , the Corona test was positive for &quot; five or six &quot; other team members .
The match was cancelled 60 minutes before the kick-off , Tebas Llanas .
Police must catch horses pulled out at steam compartment
Two animals were on the road .
The police led her .
On Sunday morning , shortly before 6 o &apos;clock , a road user shared two free-running horses on the feeder between the confluence Donnersdorf / Steinsfeld and the motorway junction .
At the arrival of the officials , the horses were already back between the feeder and the village of Dampfach
Shortly before the steam compartment , the officials gain the confidence of the horses shortly before the steam compartment , each of them is a rope carried in the carried rope
Professional cyclist Tony Martin : Career sequel imaginable
Time trial specialist Martin thinks about a continuation of his career
Frankfurt / Main - The seven-time time-trial world champion Tony Martin can well imagine continuing his cycling career .
&quot; I am currently setting out the framework conditions with the team and in what form it could continue , &quot; said the 35-year-old of the &quot; Frankfurter Allgemeine Sonntagszeitung &quot; .
Martin is employed by the Dutch team Jumbo-Visma and had considered the Corona break to end his career after this year .
The negotiations with his team are also about the number of race days , he .
Or other problems that would plague him as a family father , Martin .
He used to be after a fall , and the first thought was &quot; Fast back on the bike .
Today I think father of a small one : What if &quot; .
The professional cyclist argues that there are certainly aspects with which he is increasingly difficult .
&quot; But it was good for me to realize from the Corona time what I was doing about cycling and how much fun it is for me
The time trial specialist returns to the competition at the Tour de l &apos;Ain ( 5 to 9 August ) .
Bavaria : At least four dead on Bavaria &apos;s streets on weekends
The beautiful weather attracts bikers to the streets in many places .
For at least three people , the tour ends fatally by motorcycle .
A year old pedestrian also dies .
Schönthal - accidents on Bavaria &apos;s weekend several , mostly young people died .
An 18-year-old motorcyclist was hit by one on Saturday at Schönthal ( district of Cham ) by one who came to the counter lane .
It was initially unclear why the car got on the counter lane was unclear at first .
In Upper Bavaria , a 22-year-old collided with a horse-drawn carriage on his machine on Saturday .
According to the police , he went downhill at Beilngries .
In a left turn he colunced against the carriage
were so heavy that he died at the scene of the accident .
Of the twelve inmates of the carriage , a man was seriously injured and one man was slightly injured , like the police .
In another fatal accident , an 18-year-old died in Bad Kötzting in Upper Palatinate .
He had the night of Sunday on a street and a 42-year-old driver .
After the police , the 18-year-old wanted to sleep .
The driver no longer brake in time .
At Schönberg district of Freyung-Grafenau ) , a 57-year-old biker in a right turn of emergency braking head-on against a car .
He died .
57-year-old driver suffered one , the remaining three people car remained uninjured
The motorcyclists were discussed on Saturday by Bavaria &apos;s Minister of Transport Schreyer ( CSU ) .
In a letter to the organizer of the biker protests against driving bans , Gabor , the extensive investments such as in guardrails referred to the defusing of dangerous curves .
&quot; We have done a lot for the safety of motorcyclists in recent years , &quot; said the letter .
&quot; The number of people killed motorized by around 28 in 2011 . &quot;
Kovac tests with Monaco against Frankfurt
Frankfurt / ( dpa - For football coach Niko Kovac , his new club AS Monaco will soon be a reunion with Eintracht Frankfurt for football coach Niko Kovac .
The eight-time French champion will perform on 1 August ( 18.00 at the Hesse , the former Club Kroats
For Bundesliga clubs , it is the same and before the second leg in the Europa League against Basel ( 6 August ) .
Because of the Coronavirus pandemic , the encounter is held without spectators .
&quot; We are especially looking forward to this game .
It is always back to come to Frankfurt and meet friends , &quot; explained Kovac .
This is an interesting test , said the 48-year-old .
Before his move to FC Bayern Munich , Kovac had the Hessians from up and victory in the DFB-Pokal .
&quot; A top-class opponent like Monaco is a good test for us in terms of the game against Basel .
Like all people in Frankfurt residents , I look forward to seeing you again with Niko Kovac , &quot; said Eintracht coach Adi Hütter .
50 years old Austrian had the succession of the Croat Eintracht
In March , the Frankfurt lost the round of 16 against Basel in their own stadium 3 – 0 in their own stadium .
Almost 50 new infections : Landkreis Hof knapp am
In the district of Hof , the number of known Corona new infections increased further at the weekend : from 39 on and 43 on Saturday ( one person recovered and does not fall into these statistics ) to 47 Sundays .
There is also a case in the courtyard .
Thus , the Hof area is approaching the critical mark of 50 new infections per 100,000 inhabitants per week .
700 dead from monsoon rain in Southeast Asia
Of the severe floods in are more than 9 million , especially in , India and Nepal .
A total of 700 people were killed due to strong monsoon rain .
Bangladesh , the Red Crescent boats to reach the isolated people .
Entire villages are under .
The farmers have lost their crops .
Tank rhinoceroses in National Park by landslides
In Kaziranga National Park several of the 120 tank rhinoceroses by landslides .
are under protection and considered to be endangered with extinction .
This year , the floods are bad , which scientists attribute to climate change .
According to the United Nations , Bangladesh is one of the countries most affected by global warming .
New ones are empty
In the village of Cox &apos;s Bazar in the south of has built apartments for 650 through the floods .
So far only confiscated
It is difficult to reach people according to Cox &apos;s bazaar .
Also enthusiasm keeps in .
Anyone who used to have a house , it was still so small and resembled one , often does not want to spend his life in a large block of flats .
Many apartments are empty , and the government wants - soon to be occupied by those who have lost their homes as a result of the floods .
60 Corona new infections in just one day in Vienna
Reported in a 24-hour comparison in 60 new corona new infections - there were 22 new infections in Lower Austria .
The Landessanitätsdirektion Wien and the crisis unit of the City of Vienna regularly inform the current case figures and other key figures on the COVID-19 virus : as of Sunday , 26 July 2020 , 8 a.m. , 4,840 ( + 60 ) positive tests have been confirmed in Vienna .
The number of viruses associated with the virus remains unchanged as 204 .
4,090 ( + 48 ) people have recovered .
22 new coronavirus infections in Lower Austria
The number of coronavirus infections in Lower Austria increased by 3,288 on Sunday .
According to the medical staff , a patient according to the medical staff .
number of those recovered increases to 2,936 .
There were currently 247 patients suffering from COVID-19 , 247 patients from COVID-19 .
147,253 tests were carried out .
105 people died in connection with lung disease .
Argentina rejects counteroffer by creditors
The new demands could not be met , including the Ministry of Economy in Buenos Aires on Saturday .
&quot; That would not only be irresponsible , but also unjust , &quot; it said in a statement .
&quot; While 50 percent of children in Argentina live in poverty , we can increase our creditors &apos; short-term profits . &quot;
The debt of the second largest economy in South America to the current no longer viable .
That is why Argentina is asking its private creditors to make some of its receivables of around $ 66 billion ( around billions of euros ) .
If there is no agreement , the country is once again threatened with state bankruptcy .
It would be the default in Argentine history .
Most recently , lenders had demanded higher interest on and changes to some contractual clauses .
The Argentine government is sticking to its last offer and has no further concessions .
Argentina is in a severe financial and economic crisis .
It was more than 50 .
For the current one , experts expect one of the economic power to be around ten percent .
May Argentina did not pay interest receivables amounting to $ 503 million and had slipped into a default .
Arrived professionally - not yet privately not yet
&quot; It &apos;s going super well &quot; - this conclusion is drawn by Dr. Kramer after her first days in the notary in Eggenfelden .
Everything went very quickly : In mid-May , Dr. Stefanie Kramer learns that she will succeed Lutz at the Eggenfelden Notarial Office in Eggenfelden
Only six later at the beginning of July , the doctorate took her doctorate , the normal day-to-day business has long been running at full speed
&quot; But I have to arrive privately , however , I have to arrive privately , &quot; explains in an interview with the Rottaler and laughs .
Of course , the short lead time was of course not enough to move the center of life from Regensburg completely to Eggenfelden , reports the native .
She is currently looking for a suitable apartment or a house in city with her husband , who works as a judge at the district court in Regensburg , are looking for a suitable apartment or a house in town .
her husband was able to apply for parental leave at short notice to provide care of the two daughters ( 3 ½ and 1 ½ years old ) .
In order not to have to commute every day from Regensburg , she temporarily has accommodation with her parents Dingolfing , the 39-year-old .
Growing up in , the city of Eggenfelden is of course a household name to her .
When visiting locally with her family in recent months , she has once again discovered : Eggenfelden is a really beautiful small town &quot; .
She was all the more pleased that she had made selection process for the vacancy .
Her home country of Lower Bavaria also plays a central role in Dr. Stefanie Kramer &apos;s professional career , her home country Lower Bavaria also plays a central role in Dr. Stefanie Kramer &apos;s professional career : After studying law in Passau , she completed her legal traineeship period and the 2nd in Regensburg .
After several positions as a notary assessor , including Rehau and Hof in Upper Franconia , Babenhausen in the Unterallgäu and Regensburg - during this time she also shoulder her doctorate &quot; inciside &quot; - she took her first job notary in Rotthalmünster district of Passau in 2012 .
In 2016 , she went on parental leave and moved to Regensburg .
Since then she has taken over representative services in various notarial offices
When the position in Eggenfelden was advertised because of the approaching retirement of Lutz Feller , she saw the right time for a full professional retirement , the 39-year-old explains .
The team predecessor , who takes over the holiday representation in the , has completely taken over Dr. Stefanie Kramer and immediately has praise for the team of the law firm ready : &quot; It is going super well ! &quot;
The fact that you can rely on well-rehearsed processes makes it easier to take care of the forthcoming relocation of the private center of life .
In terms of kindergarten or crib places , it already has with local furnishings .
And if everything works , she hopes to be able to pursue her hobby here soon - and get to know the most beautiful jogging routes of the Rottal .
with a maximum of 15,000 spectators
Dortmund The largest German football stadium in Dortmund will not even be filled at the start of the season in the event of a fan return .
&quot; Due to the distance regulation to be adhered to , we are planning 12,000 according to the stand , &quot; said Borussia Dortmund &apos;s Carsten Cramer &quot; Tagesspiegel &quot; .
Normally , the arena of the district city holds a little more than 81,000 spectators at Bundesliga matches .
In the Corona Pandemic ghost games caused by the Corona pandemic , the BVB lost four million per game .
The Cramer , which is responsible for the BVB for digitization and internationalization , hopes that , in addition to the normal spectator seats , some of the approximately 4,000 in the hospitality area will be opened again : &quot; It is of course a blow to the office when revenues breaks away completely . &quot;
In view of the ongoing Corona crisis , everyone is currently &quot; well advised to take a stable side length &quot; .
&quot; If companies are not doing well and 6.8 people in Germany alone are in short-time work in Germany alone , then the need for entertainment is limited , &quot; says Cramer .
He praised the BVB professionals for their salary waiunciation to contribute to the crisis : &quot; Of course , they know that their salary waiver has a different effect than we put 100 people who work in merchandising on short-time work . &quot;
Tiny wonders : ins with a few hundred
Hardly heavier than a Packerl butter , just a tablespoon of blood throughout his body : that was Gabriel when he was born - he weighed exactly 273 grams .
Bub is one of about 400 premature babies that are cared for at the center of Graz .
A quarter of them weigh less than grams , one - like Gabriel and his brothers and Michael - are extreme lightweight with once a birth weight .
They are so small and born in such a way that neither the lungs , intestines , nor muscles are complete .
Their skin is sometimes so delicate that they could hurt the electrodes of an ECG .
And are tiny that they sometimes wear doll &apos;s clothes and mini diapers specially made for them .
But not so small that there wouldn &apos;t be with voice - &quot; and how &quot; , smiles Berndt Urlesberger
&quot; Even if they don &apos;t scream so loudly big &quot; .
When the whiteboard becomes stage
Despite the theatre in the classroom : Shortly before the start of the holiday , the 9th classes of the St. James &apos;s Gymnasium in Abtsgmünd experienced this as a stage shortly before the start of the holiday .
Actress Sylvester from the Theater der Stadt Aalen presented the students the &quot; Das Heimatkleid &quot; to the students - by video .
Afterwards , the students were able to exchange ideas with the actress and the Winfried about the play and the .
The idea for the performance format was born from the current Corona situation .
Teacher Teresa Nar was happy about the lessons .
If in the end all parties involved agreed that the direct encounter in the theatre and stage space would still offer stimuli , the theatre also sees the potential for contact with the schools .
&quot; If we continue to improve the technical framework , which will be an interesting addition to the game operation , &quot; emphasised director Winfried Tobias .
First round drawn : The TSV would meet Eintracht in the DFB Cup
the TSV 1860 qualify for the DFB-Pokal , lions meet Eintracht Frankfurt in the first round .
resulted in the draw .
Munich - Sixty possible opponents in the first DFB-Pokals .
The lions of a qualification meet Eintracht Frankfurt .
This resulted in the draw on Sunday evening in the ARD sports show .
Because due to the Corona pandemic , the field of participants is not yet complete , placeholders came at the draw .
Due to the voluntary renunciation of semi-final opponent Memmingen , TSV 1860 is already in the final of the Bavarian ( 4 or 5 September ) .
There the lions meet either the Würzburg Kickers or Viktoria Aschaffenburg .
Should Zweitliga-Aufsteiger Würzburg achieve this , Sechzig would already qualify for the first round in the qualified .
Otherwise , the Giesinger would have to prevail in the final against Regionalligist Aschaffenburg .
The round of the DFB-Pokal will be held between 11 and 14 September one week before the third division start
&quot; verweht &quot; : Film legend Olivia de Havilland is dead
The film legend and Oscar winner Olivia de Havilland is dead .
She died a natural death on Sunday in Paris at the age of 104 , her spokeswoman of the German Press Agency .
He is best known for her role as Melanie Hamilton in &quot; Gone with the Wind &quot; ( ) .
As a child of British parents in Tokyo , Olivia Havilland moved to California as a toddler
The Austrian playwright Max Reinhardt discovered the role of Hermia Shakespeare &apos;s Midsummer Night &apos;s Dream . &quot;
The film studio Warner Brothers signed her for seven and brought them out at the side of Eroll .
She made films in heartbreakers .
In 1946 she won her first Oscar in the lead role of &quot; To His Own &quot; .
The film was screened in under the &quot; Mother &apos;s Heart &quot; .
Three years later , the award came for Best Actress in William Wyler &apos;s &quot; The Heiress &quot; .
She was also received much recognition as a neurotic eccentric in &quot; Der dunkle Spiegel und &quot; .
Daphne du Maurier suggested her in 1952 for the leading role in the film adaptation of her novel &quot; Cousine Rachel &quot; .
The play was a success .
With longtime girlfriend Bette Davis she played in &quot; Lullaby for a Corpse &quot; .
They married the writer Marcus Goodrich ( 1946 – 1953 ) .
In Paris , de Havilland married the journalist Pierre Paul Galante and had the daughter Gisèle with him .
Marriage broke up .
However , rumors of an affair with former British Prime Minister Edward Heath were never confirmed .
&quot; Road to Timmendorf &quot; : Beach Volleyball : Thole / Winder Final at Comeback
The World Cup second Julius Thole and Clemens Wickler missed the final at the beach volleyball tournament &quot; Road to Timmendorf &quot; .
At the meeting of the top teams in Düsseldorf , they lost in the semifinals to their national team colleague Nils Ehlers and Flüggen in the semifinals by : 2 ( 17 : 21 , : 17 , 21 ) .
Most recently , Thole / Wickler had played at the World Tour Final in Rome .
In the final on the Rhine , their conqueror / flee surprise team Lukas Pfretschner and his interim partner van de Velde scored a defeat with 2 ( 17 : 21 17 : 21 ) .
In addition to the show tournament , three played for the German championships at the beginning of September in Timmendorfer Strand : The tickets were secured by Armin Dollinger / Simon Kulzer , Manuel Harms / Richard Peemüller and Simon Pfretschner / Milan Sievers
Kalbitz ejection from AfD confirmed - FDP speaks of fig leaf
From the point of view of the FDP , the exclusion of Andreas Kalbitz from the AfD is from the point of view of the FDP only a &quot; fig leaf &quot; and does not change the character of the party .
&quot; The AfD is the parliamentary arm of the right-wing extremists in Germany .
Kalbitz is only part of the iceberg of radicals in the AfD , &quot; said FDP interior politician Benjamin Strasser of the dpa in Berlin .
On Saturday in Stuttgart , the AfD had confirmed on Saturday in Stuttgart after several hours of negotiations , the AfD confirmed the expulsion of Kalbitz , which was decided of the Federal Executive Board had decided in May .
is chairman of the AfD parliamentary group in the Brandenburg Landtag .
&quot; If the AfD really wanted to consistently expating right-wing extremists consistently from its party , Björn Höcke and his would have been expelled , &quot; Strasser .
However , there is no political will in the AfD , because right-wing extremism is now a party . &quot;
CSU Secretary-General Markus Blume said similarly : &quot; The fact that Andreas Kalbitz is now excluded says nothing does not change anything , &quot; he said to the &quot; World on Sunday &quot; .
&quot; Rather , there are volumes about how many frenetic supporters a right-wing extremist still has in the middle of the AfD still has . &quot;
Blume assumes that the AfD will land below five percent in elections in the future .
The days of the AfD in the parliaments are numbered &quot; .
Kalbitz was one of the spokesmen of the now dissolved &quot; wing around the Thuringian AfD state group chairman Björn ; the Verfassungsschutz classifies the coronation as a &quot; secured right-wing extremist aspiration &quot; .
In May , the AfD federal board Kalbitz thrown out of the party .
The reason was that Kalbitz had not stated in his former membership in the now banned far-right &quot; German Youth &quot; ( HDJ ) and with the Republicans .
Kalbitz denies the membership of the .
Also the chairman of the Left Group in the Brandenburg Landtag Sebastian Walter , the decision of the Federal Court of Arbitration did not change the character AfD : &quot; The wolf has only eaten chalk .
The AfD remains a far-right party , whether with or without Kalbitz &quot; .
Neither with this decision the federal party nor the right wing .
&quot; who is the Meuthen troupe .
One wants to escape further observation by the Protection of the Protection of the Constitution and to get through under the radar , Walter said .
&quot; The AfD the ghosts , she called , not go .
The expulsion does not change anything yet , &quot; commented the Brandenburg SPD Secretary-General decision in the Kalbitz case .
&quot; Here the AfD regional association still held the faction to this day to its right-wing leader to this day &quot; .
The legal dispute over Kalbitz &apos;s membership in the AfD will continue
He announced on Saturday that he would take action against that of the Federal Court of Arbitration .
North Sea wind farms deliver a good 21 percent more electricity
In the first six months of the year , the wind power plants on German fed 11.51 terawatt hours of electricity into the grid in the first six months of the year .
This is a good 21 percent more than in the same period of the previous year , the network operator in Bayreuth said .
Tennet is responsible for the transmission of the North Sea electricity to the mainland and the forwarding through the German electricity grid .
The wind turbines on the Baltic Sea , which are not part of the Tennet grid area , have fed a further 2.22 terawatt hours ( TWh of electricity .
Overall , wind power from the North and Baltic Seas thus comes to 13.73 TWh , compared to a good 11.64 TWh in the first half of 2019 .
The wind harvest at sea thus accounts for almost 19 percent of the total wind power in Germany ; that is about four more than a year ago .
New wind farms ensure higher generation capacities
In addition to the wind conditions , the increased contribution of offshore wind energy has increased not only the wind conditions from higher ones , because wind farms have been connected to the grid over the past twelve months .
If the 1270 wind power plants in the North Sea were all full of power at the same time , they could generate 6.7 electricity .
According to the Tennet , the transmission capacity is sufficient for this ; according to the Tennet , it is 7.1 gigawatts .
It is expected to rise to 17 gigawatts in Germany .
&quot; In Germany and the Netherlands , we are investing up to 20 euros in the expansion of offshore grid connections , said Chalet Managing Director Meyerjürgens .
In reality , wind farms at sea cannot reach capacity , but reach 40 percent .
The previous record day this year is 2 January , when the North Sea wind farms generated more than six gigawatts of electricity .
On average , the approximately 2.5 to 3.0 gigawatts of electricity , which corresponds to three to four nuclear power plants .
Thus , almost seven million could use electricity .
Art &quot; Skirmish &quot; - an exhibition by Leipzig artist Christian Bold in the gallery of the Gmünder Kunstverein .
This was almost a small anniversary celebration for the 130 .
Birthday of the Gmünder Kunstverein : The &quot; Skirmish &quot; with works by the Leipzig artist Bold blew up the usual frame after the Corona break .
Much more than usual , those between the artist and that of the Kunstverein , Dr. Ripper .
The musical equivalent was provided by the band &quot; Defenders of the Universe &quot; on the southern Kornhausplatz .
North of the gallery is the &quot; Sandtogether &quot; .
: cancelled because of Corona
The Windbergfest does not take place this year .
The city of Freital cancelled the three-day festival planned in September .
In other years , more than 30,000 people had attended this city festival .
&quot; We have truly not made the decision easy - aware of how difficult it is for the parties involved - until the last minute &quot; , Lord Mayor Uwe Rumberg ( non-partisan ) .
But in the end , as organizers , we are responsible for the health of many thousands of people . &quot;
If tens of thousands had flowed to the festival ground and into a marquee , minimum distances , hygiene regulations could not have been contact tracking in accordance with the current corona protection regulation .
Or the restrictions would have been so strong that there would not been not much left for a folk festival .
In addition , the organisational and monitoring effort would increase disproportionately increase many times over .
Rumberg consoled next year .
Then the city of Freital is celebrating its 100th anniversary with the Winterbergfest from 7 to 9 May 2021 and the Saxons from 10 to September 2021 .
Dressage Olympic champion Werth in Achleiten not to be beat
Achleiten - six-time Olympic champion Isabell Werth was an outstanding rider at the dressage tournament in Achleiten , Austria .
The 51-year-old from Rheinberg came four starts of four victories on the weekend .
After she had a Prix with Weihegold and Quantaz , she was also not atable on Sunday in the Grand Prix Special and in the freestyle .
the 15-year-old mare Weihegold prevailed against the Austrian Victoria Max-Theurer on Abegglen .
Also in the freestyle , the Germans was clearly on Quantaz clearly in front of their 34-year-old student .
Werth &apos;s winning horse Quantaz belongs to Max-Theurer .
The most successful dressage rider in the world is supposed to be the ten-year-old in the Grand Prix .
For Quantaz it was the first freestyle ever .
Already at the first tournament in three weeks ago , Werth had all the important four competitions .
The last of the three international tournaments is planned for 14 to 16 August .
More air traffic controllers in Worms in the future
The Worms University continues into the air : DFS Deutsche Flugsicherung donates a professorship for &quot; Air Traffic Management &quot; .
A corresponding contract between the university and the DFS has now been signed in Worms .
The contract was initially concluded for three years and starts in 2021 .
With the professorship , it is possible to enable the start of studies not only in the summer , but also in the winter semester .
This means that twice as many students can be trained as before .
the capacities are utilized evenly in both the and DFS are evenly utilized in both the and DFS .
DFS will advise the university on the establishment and appointment of the professorship .
Represented at the university since 2019
Since the summer semester 2019 , the first part of her training as an air traffic controllers at Worms University of Applied Sciences in the Air Traffic Management degree programme .
Nine students have already started this year
DFS &apos;s experiences are very positive , achievements of students are excellent .
The combination of study and pilot training makes a significant contribution to further increasing that of the pilot profession .
&quot; In these , the economically is not easy for us .
However , we firmly expect air traffic to recover and grow again in the long term .
In order to be able to comply with our law in the future , we need high , &quot; says Professor Klaus-Dieter Scheurle , Chairman Managing Director of DFS at the contract .
&quot; For DFS , the endowed professorship is an investment that will provide air traffic controllers with a broad , interdisciplinary knowledge base in the long term .
We therefore continue our good cooperation with the university and at the same time underpin our attractiveness as an employer .
This is also underlined by Professor Dr. Jens Hermsdorf , President of Worms University of Applied Sciences , also underlines this : &quot; This forms an important bridge between science and .
We would like to build on the existing cooperation with DFS Deutsche Flugsicherung as a practical partner for dual bachelor &apos;s degree programme in Air Traffic Management . &quot;
For Worms University of Applied Sciences , the trust of Deutsche Flugsicherung is a motivation and obligation for Worms University of Applied Sciences is the motivation and obligation to further expand its teaching and research competence in the future fields of aviation .
In commitment for the air traffic controllers of tomorrow &apos;s university with the first endowed professorship dual course of study very special highlights set innovative priorities for students .
Dr. Denis , Ministry of Science , Continuing Education and Culture , emphasises that Worms University of Applied Sciences focuses on a unique selling proposition of Rhineland-Palatinate .
Today &apos;s signing of the cooperation agreement strengthens the profile of the university .
Rescue helwdriver lands on the A 45
For about 30 minutes , the A 45 motorway was completely closed on Saturday afternoon in the direction of Aschaffenburg , as one of the rescue helicopters was in use .
A 76-year-old drove straight to a Ford around 12.40 p.m. in the exit of the bend and landed at the guardrail .
Due to the impact , the front airbags , the driver suffered minor injuries to his face and had to be taken to a hospital for treatment .
Those of the 72-year-old were looked ed for an emergency doctor and the patient was flown to a hospital .
At present , however , the police assume that there is a danger of death .
The damaged vehicle , on which one of about 2000 euros had to be built .
Healing by Meat Industry
This brought the conditions in the meat industry to light .
Legislative tightening are imminent
But are they right - and will it remain so ?
Federal Labour Minister Hubertus ( SPD also wants to check industries in accordance with the strict regulations against grievances in the meat industry .
&quot; will look at the industry for industry and suitable measures for the respective industry if necessary , &quot; Heil der Deutschen in Berlin .
Germany already warn against restricting contracts for work in general .
After the Corona outbreak at the meat giant Tönnies in , the Federal Cabinet wants to pass a law of salvation this Wednesday .
Large slaughterhouses should no longer be allowed to use external personnel for slaughter , dismantling and meat processing .
For this purpose , the use of plant contracts and temporary workers is to be banned there .
Employer president Kramer said : &quot; Just away from a general and temporary employment if you want to strangle the economy completely &quot; .
For example , work contracts , for example , for large areas of the trade , the construction industry and plant engineering .
&quot; The misdeeds of individuals cannot destroy such an important instrument &quot; .
assured : The aim is not to ban anywhere in the German economy . &quot;
Contracts for work make sense .
When an industrial company instructs a craftsman to install a safety system , this is a normal work contract . &quot;
The German meat industry considers a ban on and alone in its unconstitutional
It is impossible to explain why different labour law should apply to and packaging cheese should in the future be different labour law should apply in the future than sausage in the future , according to a statement on the &quot; Neue Osnabrücker Zeitung ( ) .
For one , therefore , the consumer price would be 10 to 20 percent kilos and
In many cases Eastern European from works contractors in which , according to the results of one of the NRW-Arbeitsschutzverwaltung , partly 16 hours a day .
they had no break .
Wage was retained for protective equipment or rent .
It was also noted that the situation with the accommodation of workers was often miserable .
Heil said that a strict law had already come into force for the meat industry as early as 2017 .
However , &quot; tricky constructions &quot; have been circumvented .
&quot; must be fundamentally tidy up &quot; .
The politician : &quot; Occupational Safety and Safety Act , which wants to decide at the end of July at the end of July , are those that do not only affect the meat industry - for example , higher test quotas for occupational safety or clear criteria for Community accommodation &quot; .
The draft dpa includes amendments to the Act on the Protection of Employ&apos; Rights in the Meat Industry and the Occupational Safety and Health Act .
Brandenburg &apos;s Minister of Consumer Protection Ursula Nonnemacher ( ) calls ates more intensive controls .
&quot; I would like us to be able to make even more controls in many supervisory areas : food controls , animal welfare , all sorts of things , animal transport , &quot; said Nonnemacher on the RBB programme &quot; Brandenburg aktuell &quot; .
But for more controls , staff positions are also necessary for more controls
Three dead in the crash of ultralight aircraft in Germany
According to the police , three people died in the crash of an ultralight aircraft on an apartment building in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia .
One child was slightly injured .
Two more people have been rescued in the misfortune , one of the Wesel .
According to the police , a parachute was found at the scene of the accident , according to the police .
The &quot; Rheinische Post &quot; appealed to eyewitnesses that this collided with a hot air balloon before the crash .
The house is a single or two-family house .
Further details were unknown .
run peacefully from Frankfurter Opernplatz
One week after the in Frankfurt also the eviction of the in the night Sunday peaceful
Finally , a few dozen on the square , him before the start of the curfew at 1 o &apos;clock .
Police have been in duty since the early evening with numerous since the early evening , and a larger police presence could be seen throughout the city .
For the first time this weekend from midnight onwards , there was a ban on entering for the Opera Square , where it was riots the week ago .
Policemen had been attacked with bottles from the crowd of celebrants .
At least five officers were injured after police charges and several police vehicles were damaged .
The night was also calm .
Car flips over : Young woman seriously injured in an accident on Bundesstraße 83 at Hofgeismar
In an accident between Schöneberg and Hümme , a 21-year-old suffered serious injuries on Sunday at around 1.25 p.m .
She was taken to the Klinikum Kassel .
The fire brigade used thermal imaging cameras , the fire brigade was looking for possible passengers .
According to the police , the woman was on the road on the 83 in the direction of her place of residence in Hümme , when her car was more unclear and flipped over several times .
In order to save the victims , the fire brigade had to cut the roof of it .
Since it was unclear whether it was still in the vehicle , the adjacent corn field was searched from the turntable ladder with a thermal imaging camera .
The drone squadron , which also works with thermal imaging cameras , had also been ordered for person search .
However , the volunteers did not find anyone between the tall corn plants .
The seriously injured was taken by the ambulance to the Kassel Clinic for further care with the ambulance .
50 emergency services of the fire brigade Hofgeismar , Hümme and were on site .
The main highway was closed for hours due to the accident
Juventus Turin Champion in Italy
Turin - After a redemptive goal by Cristiano Ronaldo , record champion Juventus secured the Italian championship for the ninth time in a row .
The five-time world football player made the 36th scudetto in the club &apos;s history perfect with a 2-0 ( 1 : 0 ) on Sunday evening in the home game Sampdoria Genoa .
Ronaldo scored 1-0 before the half .
With 83 points , Turin , without the last long-injured former national player Sami Khedira , is two matchdays to displace the end of the season of Serie A more from place one for two matchdays .
The table distance Inter Milan is seven behind .
Juventus was harmless despite optical superiority in the first half then met Ronaldo after a free-kick variant of the last action .
One of the 35-year-old from the penalty area limit with one ( 45 . + 7 .
Ronaldo was also involved in a 2-0 against the more offensive guests , after his shot Federico Bernardeschi ( 67 . ) dusted off .
This ensured the lackluster but decisive success .
The foul meter shot to the bar in 89th minute is probably only Ronaldo himself with a view to the goalscorer classification .
&quot; It &apos;s complicated to stay mentally and physically at ball level for 90 minutes .
The games are strange , and the momentum changes very easily , &quot; coach Maurizio said after the 1 : 2 at Udinese Calcio .
Before the spiritual exhaustion of his is great , said the juve coach
Because of the defeat , the Turin were still able to win the championship perfectly .
In the end , Juve owe the ultimately reassuring lead at the top of the standings mainly to the weakness of the competitors .
In the eleven games before the game on Sunday , the sown team had only five victories .
Whether Ronaldo also becomes a top scorer is questionable .
While the Portuguese superstar has scored 31 goals so far , the former Dortmund Ciro Immobile has already scored 34 on his account after his three-pack in the 5 : 1 ( 1 – 1 ) of the fourth in the standings Lazio Rome at Hellas Verona - just as Lewandowski contributed to the title win of FC Bayern .
It is held by the current juve pro Gonzalo Higuaín .
The Argentine scored 36 goals for SSC Naples in the 2015 – 2016 season .
In August on &quot; Old Lady &quot; of Italian football the next title chance .
Juventus is in the round of 16 of the Champions League on 7 August against Olympique Lyon on 7 August against Olympique Lyon on 7 August to reach the final tournament in Lisbon .
In the next , Real Madrid or Manchester City would be waiting for opponents .
Baden-Württemberg : More than 250 illegal recorded
Stuttgart - All threatened penalties and to accelerate motorists in countless illegal races on the streets of Baden-Württemberg : Last year , the first four months of this year , the police have already registered more than 250 illegal car races in the southwest .
Although there are no comparative values for them , but the speedsters are increasingly doing judicial authorities : the prosecutor &apos;s offices of Konstanz and Mannheim were conducted a total of 155 investigations into illegal races , a year later it was already 252 and in the current year until the beginning of June already 151 .
The races are less about organized events , as can be seen from the response of the Ministry of the Interior to a request from the Landtag SPD .
In most cases , the drivers competed against each other or they would have fled from the police , which is also considered an illegal race .
German men between the ages of 18 and 60 .
113 fines - times imprisonment
in comparatively few cases , the speedsters are caught and cash out are also asked : According to the Ministry of the Interior , a total of 113 have been imposed since 2018 and 15 prison sentences have been imposed since 2018 .
However , there is no evidence that the illegal car races are actually rising .
Rather , because of the many tragic accidents and trials of past years than before and indicated , said a ministry spokesman .
The highway 8 is particularly popular with speedsters . Again and again , drivers slow down traffic there in order to get themselves and use the free track for a race .
Last August , a dozen riders were caught near Kirchheim unter Teck , three months earlier there were even 18 riders on the Merklingen riders .
A81 is the most popular &quot; race track &quot;
On the A81 even registers more races than other A motorway .
A speed limit is used to slow down the speedsters on the particularly affected section between Engen and Geisingen .
The mostly high-priced and pimped sports and luxury cars often have Swiss license plates , drivers move to a lawn to Germany because of the high penalties for too fast driving and car racing in the neighboring country
For the SPD , the speed limit must not be reduced to a few routes : &quot; With a general speed limit of kilometers per hour , we would get this problem from motorways , &quot; says Martin Rivoir of the transport experts SPD parliamentary group
&quot; For speedsters would be significantly higher if you were not legally on the road here and there with kilometers per hour and more here and there . &quot;
Rivoir holds less of enlightenment or image campaigns : &quot; Whoever disregards everyone in such a way and puts on their own , but also that of other road users , is hardly retainable with reason &quot; .
ADAC calls for greater crackdown of the
On the other hand , this is not enough for the ADAC : &quot; We assume that speedsters to be deterred from the speed limits , &quot; says Holger Bach , Head of Transport and Environment at ADAC Württemberg .
It additional and also harder controls on the affected routes
Not infrequently , the high-speed showdown becomes painful and momentous seriousness : From January 2019 to April 2020 , three people died nationwide in the races nationwide , including two uninvolved in a crash in Stuttgart &apos;s city center and one in Gerlingen .
two young men are said to have delivered to a car race in November .
One of the vehicles came off the road , colunced with one and stopped , the 18-year-old passenger died .
21 more people have been injured in the races of the past two years .
However , according to Interior Minister Thomas , stricter penalties are not necessary : &quot; The need for action to sanction illegal vehicle races harder is not seen , &quot; says the paper of the Ministry of the Interior .
Blue light from 23 July : Thirsty burglar steals drinks
Rohrdorf : A man broke into a snack on Thursday in Rohrdorf ( Calw district ) and stole drinks and .
A witness heard at about o &apos;clock noises in the valley road running towards the snack .
There he noticed a man sitting at the fridge with drinks and the snack afterwards through a previously opened entrance door .
The perpetrator fled towards the meadows .
According to the police , the burglar also made use of cash out and stole cash in the low three-digit range .
The suspect is described as follows : is about 1.75 to 1.80 meters tall and of strong stature .
he wore a black hoodie , black trousers and bright shoes .
Further witnesses are accepted by the police .
sprints to go at Sibiu Tour
Professional cyclist Pascal Ackermann won his second victory of the day at the final stage of the 10th Sibiu .
The 26-year-old Bora-hansgrohe prevailed on the 109-kilometre long with start and finish in Sibiu in the mass sprint , he had already won at one stage .
It are the three and four farbandmen .
In the overall standings , his Austrian team mate Gregor Mühlberger prevailed overall .
In the morning , the 26-year-old had confidently won the mountain time trial in the morning and thus took over the lead in the classification .
104 riders competed in the final stage in the evening .
No less than starters had fallen victim to the time limit in the mountain time trial .
&quot; I was really happy to start the season restart of a victory , &quot; I had explained after his success .
&quot; The sprint was really hectic , &quot; said the 26-year-old
300 meters to the finish simply put on his &quot; and it also worked out perfectly &quot; .
According to the rules of the World Federation UCI , a Corona test was carried out by all race participants and their companions six days before the start of the race .
of the entire tour , drivers and in isolated hygiene bubbles were separated from the organizing team as well as from the media
Spectators at the start and finish were not allowed .
Control center gave instructions for lay resuscitation
Düsseldorf Tragic accident on Sunday afternoon in Düsseldorf-Garath .
an apartment house a child ( 4 ) lay lifeless in the water while bathing .
According to the fire brigade , the emergency call went shortly before 13 o &apos;clock
&quot; immediately gave instructions for amateur resuscitation , a fire brigade spokesman told BILD .
The incoming rescuers later took over .
The child was transported to the university clinic .
It is unclear why it crashed is unclear .
The police have routinely started an investigation into the course of the accident .
The fire brigade spokesman : &quot; We assume from a tragic accident in the apartment &quot; .
Nuremberg : Unauthorized - Police intervene , 700 vehicles and around 1100 people
Hundreds of cars and temporarily over 1000 people took part in a tuning meeting on Saturday night &quot; in the parking lot of a furniture store .
The police implemented her to intensify control such events .
A big tuning meeting came in Südstadt on Saturday evening ( 25 July ) .
Several hundred vehicles were involved .
According to the Middle Franconia , at around 10.30 p.m. , an increased number of vehicles in the area of one in Ingolstädter Straße .
the police carried out a large number of vehicle controls there
Only recently , the police had announced that so-called autoposers .
Illegal tuning meeting in Nuremberg : Only a small part of the &quot; scene &quot;
The officials counted among the top about 700 vehicles and about 1,100 people .
Only a small part of the &quot; autoposer &quot; and tuning scene .
Apparently , most of the relevant scene followed with the police appeal .
On the basis of the vehicles and persons on site , it can be assumed that these were mostly onlookers .
In addition , the majority of those present adhered with the applicable infection protection regulations , compliance with the minimum distance and wearing a oral nose protection .
The on-site inspection measures were completed at 1 : 00 a.m .
In total , the officials found such structural changes on 10 vehicles that the operating licence had expired .
Four of these vehicles had to be secured .
No car races
There were no illegal car races .
&quot; The police headquarters of Middle Franconia will keep an eye on the events and continues to carry out increased control measures , also in connection with the emergence of onlookers , &quot; said .
The agency News5 spoke to JÃ1 ⁄ 4rgen Schrödinger of the tow company involved : &quot; They all have beautiful ones , we must not , says Schrödinger .
Special belapes would be used for this .
Even the cars are broader , the company had to make sure not to do any .
&quot; boys should get their cars back unscathed .
Employment Agency : 900 suspected cases of abuse in short-time work
Berlin - According to its own statement , the Federal Employment Agency BA ) , according to its own statement , investigates around 900 suspected cases of abuse of short-time worker allowance .
&quot; This is extremely little for more than 880,000 companies that have reported short-time work , &quot; said Daniel Terzenbach , responsible for operative business of the &quot; Allgemeine Zeitung &quot; .
When many companies had short-time work at the beginning of the Corona crisis , BA had to react quickly .
Normally , the exam lasts three weeks .
&quot; So time was available to us at this hot phase .
So we will look at final invoices .
There will certainly be a lot to do .
We are not naive and have a long breath &quot; .
Evidence of abuse would often come from affected employees or trade unions .
In addition , the BA uses analysis software to detect abuse patterns .
According to Terzenbach , the BA is preparing for a possible wave of bankruptcy in autumn .
&quot; Will there be significantly more insolvencies than in the previous year ?
The assessments diverge , but we arm ourselves in case of a case and are already training our employees in the processing of applications . &quot;
The figures are still inconspicuous , said Terzenbach .
World Heritage in Potsdam : Party dissolved in the New Garden
Potsdam - On Friday evening , about 40 young people celebrated a party in the New Garden .
The collection was dissolved at the clock by the Revierfahrer Stiftung Preußische Schlösser und Gärten ( SPSG ) , foundation announced at PNN request .
They then left the park .
On Saturday evening , some young people would have played rugby in the New Garden .
The meadow was cleared by district drivers , said SPSG spokesman Frank on Sunday
Again and again there are illegal in the parks
In the members of the foundation , there are always accumulations in which the distance and hygiene rules of the COVID-19 Handling Ordinance are not complied with .
At the end of June , there was a party with people in Park Babelsberg , a week later , people celebrated in the New Garden .
Even without corona arrangement , the parks are closed at nightfall .
According to the park regulations , storage on the meadows is prohibited according to the park regulations , there are only a few exceptions .
The foundation has been complaining for a long time that visitors would always leave waste and destroy protected biotopes .
In Berlin , meanwhile , illegal park parties have a dimension .
In the Hasenheide in the district of Neukölln , 5000 people celebrated an illegal techno party in the Hasenheath in the district of Neukölln
The event was dissolved by the police .
Austria : Mass tests in tourist resort
Hundreds of authorities have responded to one in the popular Wolfgang
The number of confirmed cases increased to 48 , like the state authorities in Linz .
More than results were pending in the evening .
Accordingly , many of the young people are tested in tourism companies , but at least one holiday guest has tested positive .
Inhabitants Guests and tourism staff were asked to stay in their on Saturday evenings .
The curfew was set .
&quot; There are cancellations and cancellations of bookings there and there , said the head of the tourism board , Hans Wieser , the dpa .
They also left prematurely .
St. Wolfgang is the most important tourist resort in Upper Austria , with more than 400,000 overnight stays per year .
In a normal , about a third of the guests are German
On Friday , the first infections became public .
The head of the district authority , Alois Lanz , defended the behavior of the interns who had celebrated in several and might have infected there .
&quot; We all did that in our youth , &quot; he said .
However , two bars were closed on Friday to prevent further infections .
The Tourist Board launched an information campaign to raise awareness of the dangers of COVID-19 .
From Saturday , hundreds of employees , locals were tested .
In addition , all guests who were in St. Wolfgang from July were contacted .
The eruption evokes memories of the Austrian ski and party resort Ischgl in Tyrol , which in the initial phase was a center of Corona expansion throughout Europe .
In total , more than 1,500 people in Austria are currently infected with the virus .
in the new infections , Vienna and
Premier League : Man United and Chelsea qualified for Champions League
( dpa ) - English football record champion Manchester United returned to the Champions League after a year of absence .
Red Devils secured Leicester City in the final match of the Premier League , Red Devils secured third place in the league with a 2 0 – 0 ) victory .
The foxes now have to settle for the Europa League , because the FC still passed by and also qualified for the premier class .
In the fight against the relegation , Aston Villa was allowed to cheer .
Manchester took the lead with a penalty kick Bruno ( 71st minute ) .
of a red card for Leicester City in the extra time , Lingard ( 90th + 8 ) to the final .
Chelsea , Champions League round of 16 opponents of FC Bayern won thanks to Mason Mount + 1 ) and Olivier ( 45th + 4 ) ( 2-0 against Wolverhampton Wanderers thanks to Mason Mount + 1 ) and Olivier ( 45th + 4 ) .
&quot; That told me a much told me by coach Frank , who in his first season as Chelsea coach also final of the FA Cup against Arsenal in his first season as a Chelsea coach .
Tottenham Hotspur also benefited from victory over Wolverhampton also benefited Tottenham Hotspur , who passed the Wolves with a meager 1 – 1 ( 1-0 ) Crystal Palace and finished sixth in the Europa League .
Aston Villa decided the long-distance duel with Watford the Bournemouth , but had to tremble for a long time to maintain the class at West Ham United .
The late leadership of Jack Grealish ( 84th Andrey Yarmolenko ( 85th ) .
But the 1 : 1 ( 0 : ) was enough because Watford 2 : 3 ( 1 : 3 ) at Arsenal
The club , which shot three coaches during the season , relegated after five years in the first division .
Exactly Bournemouth , who could not save himself by a 3 : 1 ( 2 : 1 ) at Everton .
At the end a point
Liverpool , who has been the English champion since the end of June , secured a 3 : 1 ( 1 : 1 ) at Newcastle United .
99 counters are the value the Reds have ever achieved in one .
Coach Jürgen Klopp narrowly missed the points record for football missed by coach Jürgen Klopp and his team narrowly missed the football record
Manchester City holds the record with 100 points in the 2017 – 18 season .
After the first minute , Virgil van Dijk ( 38th ) , Divock Origi ( 59 . ) and Sadio Mané ( 89th ) played the match for Liverpool on Sunday .
&quot; It was an extraordinary season for this wonderful club , &quot; said van Dijk after the game , &quot; that should inspire us to defend the title .
It will be difficult . &quot;
In the end , the Premier League bosses are also likely to be satisfied in the end .
the Coronavirus crisis was interrupted in England from 13 to 17 June .
In the meantime , there was even discussed about an premature demolition or a play of the rest of the games on the ground was discussed .
After all , the season could be finished without special ones - but as in Germany without spectators in the stadiums .
Arrests and violence in demonstrations against Netanyahu
The protests in Israel against Netanyahu ’ s head of government are becoming more fierce .
During the night there were violent clashes .
On the night of Jerusalem , the Israeli police took action against participants in one against Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu .
Twelve people were arrested for participating in riots , police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld .
The police put another water cannons , the rally .
A total of around 6,000 people gathered near Netanyahu &apos;s official residence on Saturday evening .
They protested against , corruption , and Netanyahu &apos;s handling of the Corona crisis .
The protesters beat drums , in horns , and called on Netanyahu to resign .
One who supported Netanyahu was arrested , the news site &quot; ynet &quot; reported .
Many other places in Israel also demonstrated people , including in front of the head of government in the coastal city of Caesarea and in a park in Tel Aviv .
A man arrested near Tel Aviv because he is suspected of having sprayed pepper spray on demonstrators .
One man was arrested after a stabbing attack on a demonstrator in the south .
The protester was slightly injured in the neck .
In Jerusalem and Tel , there have recently been several demonstrations against Netanyahu .
The rallies accompany the corruption process against the .
Most recently , Netanyahu was also criticized for its handling of the Corona crisis .
Among other things , he is accused with premature loosening and a lack of a second corona wave .
The Corona crisis has put heavily to the country ’ s economy .
The unemployment rate was more than 20 percent .
The number of new infections of the coronavirus in Israel has recently rose to ever new record levels .
Accident at Ahlen ( NRW ) - Transporter crashes on car - nine injured - Ruhrgebiet - Bild.de
Ahlen - A rear-end collision claimed nine slightly injuries on Saturday afternoon on the B58 near Ahlen .
A driver was on the way with her children ( 3 , 5 ) towards Beckum .
Police &quot; Presumably she suddenly slowed down because she wanted to turn . &quot;
The driver of a Mercedes transporter who drove behind her must have seen this too late .
He crashed on the car at the back
The accident injured three occupants in the car and six in the transporter .
Several ambulances took her to a nearby hospital .
North Korea secks border town after Corona suspected case
North Korea has so far seen its own measures to ward off the coronavirus .
Now the country is reporting on one for the first time .
Due to the first official corona suspected in the country , North Korea has completely sealed off big city for fear of a catastrophe .
Despite the strictest epidemiological defensive measures in the past six months , &quot; the malicious virus may have been introduced into the country , &quot; the state media .
The state of emergency had been imposed on the border town of Kaesong , the state of emergency was imposed around the border town of Kaesong .
The communist leadership is the highest .
If the suspicion were confirmed , it would be the first official infection case with Sars-CoV-2 in the closed country .
North Korea , according to its own statements , had not registered a single infection and described its defensive measures as a &quot; luminous success &quot; .
The information was doubted abroad .
According to reports , the symptoms of the disease were reportedly noted in a &quot; found &quot; one that crossed a military demarcation line between South North Korea on 19 July .
The person left to South Korea three years ago and now returned the border .
There was initially no confirmation from South Korea for the crossing of the border within the four kilometers wide and largely mined military buffer zone , there was initially no confirmation from South Korea .
According to reports from the national news agency Yonhap , admitted the possibility of an illegal border crossing into North Korea as high .
There are studies on some people
North Korea ’ s own statements on Saturday on suspicion of an emergency meeting of the Politburo of the Labour Party , chaired by ruler Kim Jong Un .
The &quot; dangerous situation in Kaesong could trigger a deadly and destructive catastrophe .
Kim had already ordered on Friday as a preventive measure to &quot; completely isolate Kaesong and isolate each district and the region from others &quot; , it continued .
The person concerned , as well as all the people in Kaesong who had contact with him were quarantined .
The central party of the party should therefore investigate the &quot; outlier case &quot; as well as the behaviour of the responsible military unit and , if necessary , impose harsh punishment .
It is estimated that about 300,000 people live in .
before Council meeting City-Ost and noise protection are still under discussion before the summer break
&quot; In addition to environmental issues , committee members will also vote on the development plan for the major project Innenstadtentwicklung-Ost project , &quot; says the central section of the municipal press release for the municipal council meeting on Tuesday , 28 July , at 4.30 p.m. in the Great Hall of Pforzheim .
The eastern city in particular was controversial until the end .
The majorities for this are scarce , most recently in individual depending on the presence .
An appeal from the business economy ( construction of real estate , trade and IT ) , not to let the project developed out of the citizenry and then by the administration and the municipal council fail after almost ten years of preparation , criticized project opponent Reinhard Klein criticized as &quot; extra-parliamentary opposition &quot; , &quot; speculation &quot; , &quot; densparration and &quot; conscious false statements &quot; .
&quot; Everyone , to know it &quot; , which has been a member of the municipal council for a year as the only representative of the Pforzheim Citizens List .
In fact , according to the treaties in this : &quot; I know what I &apos;m talking about &quot; .
The exit of the city cheaper The Technical Town Hall is , contrary to statements of the city administration , the existence of which Klein is convinced for 8.5 million euros .
This will develop differently than in the town hall and on the part of the proponents from the economy .
To shape the city &apos;s own power and not an investor : That is his plan B. One day after small , FDP / FW / UB / LED parliamentary group , which also rejects the project , presented an alternative concept .
It also provides for the refurbishment of the town hall , the open keeping of the , the rental of the ex-valley for administrative areas and a small-scale inner center transformation ideally with local authorities
Environmental issues play central
In addition , environmental issues will play a central role .
Among other things , the local council will vote on the noise action plan .
This includes various measures to protect the population from health noise pollution caused by road traffic , including many temporary reduction .
In a press release , the local transport club Germany welcomes the widespread introduction of Tempo 30 . The responsible in the city are not innocent of the fact that this must happen because they have only contributed to massive car traffic and noise by neglecting the regular bus traffic with thinned intervals and by little for cycling , they have only contributed to massive car traffic and noise , according to the VCD .
The municipal council also coordines on the participation of the city energy and climate protection agency Pforzheim / Enzkreis
In addition , the agenda is accession to the country &apos;s climate protection pact , the redefinition of parental contributions in the urban day-care centres and the application for admission in the federal Smart City funding are also on the agenda .
Citizens are welcome , but must take corona protection measures to heart .
Tim Zimmermann starts the new season with a lot of delay
With half a year delay , Tim Zimmermann will start his inaugural season ADAC GT Masters on 31 July .
Before the league of supersports cars can commence regular operation , the first test drives were now scheduled .
For Zimmermann , the main focus was to get to know his Lamborghini Huracan GT3 better .
For a long time , the Corona crisis has long prevented Zimmermann from embarking his first official trip in the new Lamborghini Grasser .
special this was now possible .
The 23-year-old Langenargener shot his first on the Lausitzring and was able to get used to the premiere in the GT3 car .
&quot; There are already a few things that are different from the Porsche , &quot; says Zimmermann .
With the ABS , for example , you have to go differently the curves
But it was really fun . &quot;
Zimmermann also had fun with Steijn , with whom he will share his orange sports car in the GT Masters .
The Dutchman , despite his only 25 years , the Dutch has already experienced in GT sports and was able to help his teammate many things .
&quot; yes no beginner in motorsport , but every new series also brings new challenges , &quot; Zimmermann .
&quot; Steijn and I get each other dazzling and we have also made tremendous progress from session to session at Lausitzring . &quot;
Exactly there - at the Lausitzring - the GT Masters will also host its first race .
From July , the 33 supercars will race through Lusatia .
Zimmermann , who is one of 15 series newcomers , knows the track .
2015 was most recently in the Motodrom .
&quot; It worked quickly and didn &apos;t have to get used to the track , &quot; says Zimmermann , who starts for the Friedrichshafener Renngemeinschaft Graf Zeppelin .
&quot; Lausitzring has many fast passages that you have to make optimally to be fast &quot; .
As it really is , that turns out in two weeks .
&quot; Of course , the teams play it a little , &quot; he says .
&quot; In the end , however , they are very and look forward to the first weekend at Lausitzring &quot; .
Race in Brandenburg will be the prelude of a crowded calendar .
There are seven races until the beginning of November .
More currently , no viewers will be admitted - but gives a prominent guest .
August at the Nürburgring , former Formula 1 driver Niko Hülkenberg will join the GT steering wheel on August at the Nürburgring .
Minister of Transport caught cold by quarantine decision
According to press reports , the British government &apos;s decision to place Spain holidaymakers for weeks after their return has , according to press reports , the country &apos;s Minister of Transport , according to press reports .
Accordingly , Grant Shapps is currently on holiday , while his colleagues decided the measure at home on Saturday .
Due to the rising Corona numbers , the Cabinet in London removed land from the list of those from which quarantine requirements is possible .
The new scheme will apply from today , Sunday , so Shapps will also have to be quarantined after his return .
In Austria , the government has also imposed quarantine measures on returnees .
But the regulation applies to those who are just on holiday , only from August 1 , and was not introduced overnight .
By the way , Spain is considered one of the &quot; safe countries &quot; for which no quarantine Austria is not needed .
&quot; Ministers knew in advance that there is a possibility that a quarantine on holidaymakers , &quot; commented Labour MEP Diane Abbot
&quot; But apparently no one has bothered to let Grant Shapps . &quot;
Less than a month after the end of the Corona emergency in Spain and the end of the curfew , the number of infections in the country are rising again .
Virologists mainly blame the nightlife for the new spread .
Spain is one of the favourite holiday destinations in the British .
The British government is currently advising against unnecessary travel to the Spanish , excluding British holidaymakers particularly popular Canary Islands and the Balearic Islands , are particularly popular with British holidaymakers are exempt from this .
To date , more than 272,000 infections with the novel coronavirus and more than 28,000 deaths have been registered in Spain .
Russia : Marine Day Announces Hypersonic Weapons for Warships
Russian President Vladimir Putin announced to his country on the Day of the Navy , Russian President Vladimir Putin announced to his country a equipment of warships with the most modern hypersonic weapons .
With these weapons , which are unique in the world , the fighting possibilities of the Russian naval forces would be expanded , on Sunday in St. Petersburg at the central naval parade .
According to Interfax , the Ministry of Defense also informed the agency Interfax , the Ministry of Defense also informed about successful tests of the hypersonic missile zirconia built for the Navy .
The hypersonic weapons have many times the speed of sound of about 343 metres per second .
They are considered the weapons of the future
underwater tropedeo is
It was also built on the atomar-usable underwater torpedo Poseidon .
The planned sea drone is planned to destroy coastal targets
The president , who himself also sailed on a military boat , said that this year alone 40 new ships put into service with the individual naval units of the country of the world .
Russia has such large coastal area than any other country in the world .
Russia has been protecting reliably for 300 years , Putin said on the nationally acclaimed day .
Also at other Russian coastal towns , too , naval forces also celebrated the Day of the Navy with parades at other Russian coastal towns
In Syria , Russia fights alongside ruler Bashar al-Assad , the military demonstrated strength at a arms show in the Mediterranean port of Tartu .
Ammunition was also fired there .
A video published by the Ministry of Defense was not only warships , a submarine , but combat helicopters and jets .
Hurricane &quot; Hanna &quot; reaches Texas : help from Corona makes more difficult
Washington – The first hurricane of this year &apos;s season to hit ashore in Texas .
Life-threatening floods , winds and heavy rainfall now threatened parts of the US state , the National told the US Climate Change Agency ( NOAA ) at night ( local time ) .
Governor Greg Abbott for numerous districts .
According to the US media , the rampant in Texas complicgravthat of the helpers , Abbott continued , according to the US media .
called to caution
&quot; Hurricane is an enormous , &quot; Abbott said , according to the &quot; Houston &quot;
With regard to the cyclone in Texas , he added : &quot; This challenge is complicated and exacerbated , considering that it sweeps through an area that is the area most affected by COVID-19
According to Johns Hopkins University , 5,000 people have died alone as a result of the Corona pandemic .
called for people who would have to leave their homes .
They should &quot; disregard practices &quot; to which we have become accustomed to , &quot; such as wearing masks , the governor said , according to CBS .
It is important that everyone kept their distance .
hotel rooms were provided in some places .
In addition , it should be tested in emergency shelters on Corona .
Damage was initially reported only from the coastal town of Port Mansfield .
Storm warning withdrawn
With up to 150 kilometers per hour , &quot; Hanna &quot; was , according to the authorities , &quot; Hanna &quot; had hit on the island of Padre Island just before the Texas .
The tropical storm had previously been upgraded to a hurricane of the stage .
For the coastal section from Port Mansfield until a storm surge warning was later withdrawn .
Authorities expected a weakening , while &quot; Hanna &quot; moves further inland and heads towards Mexico .
&quot; Douglas &quot; in Hawaii
In the Pacific , hurricane &quot; Douglas &quot; travelled for Hawaii on the night after Sunday with winds of around 150 kilometers per .
However , the hurricane center expected it to weaken further .
According to the prediction , it would be near the largest islands of Hawaii on Sunday ( local time ) - then as a storm just below the hurricane threshold .
This year , NOAA expected an abovriaverage hurricane season this year , according to a forecast in May , NOAA expected an above-average hurricane season this year after a May forecast .
From June to the end of November , up to ten hurricanes are expected , of which up to six could be very severe cyclones could be reported , the authority explains .
On average , there are year of the six hurricanes , three of which develop into storms .
In view of available climate data and the higher water temperature in the and the Caribbean , the likelihood of a normal season was only 30 , which was called a below-average even at ten percent , at that time
US President Donald Trump wrote to Twitter that his administration was in close contact with the states concerned .
Four gates revoked video assistant &quot; Sassuolo
Sassuolos Djuricic scored two goals
Naples - Four goals scored , four goals revoked : Sassuolo Calcio experienced a raven black evening at the 0 : 2 ( 0 : 1 at the SSC Naples in the Italian football league Serie A - and really angry on video assistants of the audience .
&quot; A festival of ungiven gates for .
VAR has never acted tough against a team , &quot; commented the &quot; Corriere dello Sport &quot; .
Host Naples had gone through goal of defense defender Elseid Hisaj in the 8th minute lead in the 32nd acclaimed Filip Djuricic first the .
The Video Assistant Referee ( ) withdrew the hit due to a offside position .
Five minutes later , Djuricic shot the ball net again - VAR intervened .
The referee team also withdrew the goals of attackers Francesco ( 50th ) and Domenico Berardi ( ) were also withdrawn by the referee team after notice of this .
In the extra time , the 2-0 final score for Naples and the bitter evening perfect .
&quot; For Sassuolo , the VAR is worse than a radar trap of the team and Sassuolo like no team .
The new technology sets records , &quot; writes &quot; Gazzetta dello Sport &quot; .
Bayern Munich : Pavard injured
Munich ( dpa - The start of a hot preparation phase for Champions League began with a setback for double winner FC with a setback .
Hansi , who has recovered somewhat ably well after a short holiday and a few training days , &quot; Hansi , who &quot; reasonably well recovered after a short holiday and a few training days , has to consider after the first team training how he can rebuild his successful defense after injury of Benjamin .
The Frenchman , who has the third most minutes behind captain Manuel Neuer and midfielder Kimmich , suffered a band injury at the left root of the foot threatens to be missing in decisive royal class duels .
In the Munich dirty weather , the right-defender broke off a training game and was driven with a golf kart course .
How long the unrestricted regular player has to pause in the fight for titles is open .
Enmission in the round of 16 against Chelsea on 8 August is likely to be possible , the final tournament of the 24-year-old final tournament of the 24-year-old , which start in Lisbon hope .
However , the Bavarians do not want to be stopped by the mishap from the training on Sunday .
In his personal triple formula the three attributes he wants to see from his stars on his way to Portugal &apos;s capital .
Quality , intensity and should be his victorious title collectors in the ideally following 28 days until the king class final .
&quot; We have the compulsory tasks and trophy simply excellently
to create the special , &quot; said Flick .
However , until they can deal with the final tournament and previously training camp in the Algarve , however , the round of 16 duty against Chelsea FC is due .
After the 3-0 in the first leg before the Corona break , the Londoners should not become the Bavarian nightmare again as in the &quot; Finale dahoam &quot; in 2012 .
&quot; We have to go through the door .
We win , create good conditions and recharge our batteries with a good game , &quot; demanded Flick .
A test of attunement test is pending on Friday against Olympique Marseille .
With a long speech , Flick had sworn in his stars , who had sworn in the Double 13 days of holiday on a unique August
31 he welcomed the Säbener Straße , including the new players Edel-Einkauf Leroy Sané , who for the first time after his move from Manchester City met all new colleagues in the place for the first time after his move from Manchester City .
&quot; Leroy has joined in like all new ones , &quot; reported .
But instead of talking about new season , when Sané &amp; Co. are no longer just allowed to train , Flick talked a lot about the current title project of the German series champion .
After days of individual small group training , now in team strength for the Londoners , who , in contrast to the Flick ensemble , are in playing rhythm .
After that , the Munich team could have a quarter-finals against FC Barcelona and Lionel Messi , semi-finals are Real Madrid , Manchester Juventus possible opponents .
A way to the final in Lisbon &quot; not so easy &quot; stressed the head coach , who can trust the services of his new assistant Miroslav Klose in training
The World Championship record scorer and Flick know about many joint tournament preparation , which is particularly important for the 0-to 100 attunement .
With his current team , working is &quot; a pleasure &quot; , Flick .
The &quot; focus on winning &quot; is the impressive trait of his team .
At the tournament with nine-teams it went to the point .
All of top performers , including the migrant Thiago and defender David Alaba , whose whereabouts is secured beyond them .
Formula 1 is a special rule to select its world champion
Since it is not possible to drive on the required number of continents , they must improvise , the World Cup titles to
However , all American races were cancelled .
Race calendar is becoming more and more concrete
The race calendar of the current Formula One season continues to take shape .
In addition to the confirmed Grand Prix , three more race tracks were added during the week .
In October , the Nürburgring in Germany and Portimão , Portugal .
On November 1 , Lewis Hamilton and Co. will compete for World Championship points on the traditional race track in Imola .
This means that the race calendar 2020 thus comprises 13 races .
&quot; We are pleased to continue to achieve big plans for the 2020 season , &quot; said Formula 1 boss Chase Carey .
A total of 15 to 18 races will be completed in the premier class of motorsport .
Formula 1 wants to close its season Asia .
Race calendar will be fixed and published in the coming weeks .
the already officially targeted races in Bahrain and Abu Dhabi in December , media reports appearances in Vietnam and Malaysia at the end of November
Regulations demand races on three continents
However , the regulations of Formula 1 require at least races on three continents for the World Cup
if , as currently planned , only two continents , there should be a world champion .
With the help of a special rule , FIA wants to assign the , citing exceptional circumstances &quot; because of the .
The traditional start of the season in March had to be cancelled in the short term due to the looming corona crisis .
Returning to the continent this year is not an issue .
In addition , Formula 1 will not be a guest in America this year
Cancellation met with criticism in Brazil
Due to the tense corona situation , the races Canada , the USA , Mexico and Brazil will not take place
&quot; We look forward to being with them during the season , &quot; Carey said .
The cancellation of the American races came above all in Brazil : &quot; Reusal was not surprise to us , we cannot accept the reasons for this , &quot; said Tamas Rohonyi , promoter of the Grand Prix in São Paulo .
For example , the number of infections in the São Paulo area are significantly lower than in other regions of Brazil
Some teams , not wanting to drive in Brazil would also justify rejection .
We is prepared for the required security measures .
Thunberg : Evil against Donald Trump went around the world
Greta Thunberg spoke about her meeting US President Donald Trump
Greta Thunberg was a guest on Stephen Colbert &apos;s famous latenight show and revealed in an interview what she had when she met Donald Trump .
Klimaatkivistin Greta Thunberg was a guest in a popular US latenight show .
She told others about her against the powerful of the world .
The teenager also talked about her famous &quot; evil &quot; at her encounter with Donald Trump .
New York City - Over the past two years , climate activist Thunberg has attracted attention with tireless commitment to the &quot; Fridays For Future &quot; movement .
Now she spoke in a well-known one about her plans in the future and her meeting with US President Donald Trump at the UN climate summit last year .
Latenight presenter Stephen Colbert welcomed 17-year-old Thunberg to your show on Tuesday and conducted a longer interview with the Swede .
She spoke not only about the fight against the world , but also theirs with the powerful of the world .
&quot; There are some things that surprised me , &quot; she said .
&quot; How far people go to direct focus away from the climate crisis , &quot; she shook .
&quot; Everything from organized hate campaigns to threats just because a child is on the streets &quot; she experienced .
Heads of state and leaders who mock them on social media or even try to silence them , she finds &quot; funny &quot; , as the reactions show her , &quot; because they have no other answer to it . &quot;
It was special at the end of the interview when Greta Thunberg was approached about a well-known scene in which she threw a bitter look at US president .
UN Climate Change Summit 2019 in New York , for which the nude scientist sailed the Atlantic , her gaze was captured by the cameras and has since been seen by countless people .
the short clip a GIF , i.e. an animated image that ultimately became one of the most commonly used images for Trump opponents .
But what did 17-year-olds think about the president at that moment ?
To Stephen &apos;s relatively asked question , she replied only for a short time : &quot; To be honest , I think that doesn &apos;t require any more .
The experienced satirist Colbert had probably not expected quick-witted answer and disappeared laughing from the picture
With her &quot; How you ? &quot; speech on the principles of climate protection , she remained on the many .
Ex-Dortmunder Immobile with pack of three for Lazio Rome
Immobile in the race for Europe &apos;s Golden Shoe now on the par with Bavaria &apos;s Robert Lewandowski .
The former Dortmund Immobile continues to have chances to become a top scorer in the Italian .
The former BVB professional scored three goals in the 5 : ( 1 – 1 ) victory of Lazio Rome at Hellas Verona , including two converted penalties in both halves .
This means that the 30-year-old from the two games of the season before the end now has 34 season goals from the two games of the season before the end - just as many Robert Lewandowski from FC Bayern Munich scored just as many in the past Bundesliga season .
In Italy , Cristiano Ronaldo follows with goals so far , the Portuguese superstar met Sampdoria Genoa with the lead evening .
Fleetwood Mac co-founder Peter Green died
His life was like a rollercoaster ride : a rapid ascent with Fleetwood Mac it went steeply downhill and then slowly up again .
Now blues rock guitarist Peter Green has died at the age of 73 .
Ingenious guitarist , drug junkie , cult plower : The co-founder of the band Fleetwood Mac , Peter Green , is dead .
had died peacefully in their sleep peacefully at the age of 73 , family members announced Saturday in an official statement that another statement would be announced for the next few days .
Top musicians such as Peter Frampton recognized Green as one of the best blues and rock guitarists .
Mick Fleetwood spoke in an emotional reaction of a &quot; monumental loss &quot; for all previous and band Mac .
The drummer Fleetwood and guitarist Green had long since formed legendary band in London in 1967 , and his dreamy instrumental hit &quot; Albatross &quot; is still unforgotten .
The life of musician ( &quot; The End Of The Game &quot; In Skies &quot; ) was like a rollercoaster ride .
With Fleetwood Mac Green experienced a rapid rise the band celebrated their greatest success but then without him .
There is a dispute because Green wanted to donate to the group for charity .
began to appear in robes and with large crucifix
Psychental problems are also said to have played a role .
Three years after its founding , Green left the band in 1970 .
followed a social descent .
The blues rock guitarist suffered from drug abuse and schizophrenia , as biographers reported .
For a long time , Green was treated in psychiatry for a long time .
During a large part of the 1970s the musicians of the scene .
He is said to have lived temporarily on the street , worked as a cemetery gardener and spent a long time in an Israeli kibbutz .
Green was born in Bethnal , London , the son of a Jewish working-class family .
At a young age he was enthusiastic about B.B. King and Waters .
At the age of eleven he learned his first guitar grip
At the age of 15 , the teenager began playing guitar and five years later got the chance to stand on stage as a lead guitarist for the instrumental band Peter B &apos;s Looners .
Shortly thereafter , he was replaced by his idol Eric Clapton with the Bluesbreakers .
In the middle of the blues boom , Green founded Fleetwood Mac in the summer of 1967 along with his bluesbreakers colleagues Mick Fleetwood and John McVie .
The Green composed song &quot; Albatross &quot; gave the group the first number 1 hit in 1968 / 69 and catapulted them to the top music scene .
But the rapid ascent soon showed his downsides : Green could not cope with it , his experiments with the drug became more and more extreme .
He later commented on the life between music and addiction in an interview : &quot; Worst thing that happened to me , the drugs was the best to land a number 1 hit . &quot;
Towards the end of the decade , Green surprisingly achieved a respectful success in 1979 with an album inspired by religious themes
Meanwhile , Fleetwood Mac , meanwhile , swam without him in a new formation on one .
In 1977 , the album &quot; sold more than 40 million copies worldwide .
Despite various small solo successes , no major comeback was made until he started again in 1996 with a group of friendly musicians in 1996 .
British &quot; Daily Telegraph &quot; spoke of a rock star who returned to Earth .
Green released several albums with the Peter Green Splinter Group until the band disbanded in 2004 .
He was already a blues legend during his lifetime and one of the most influential guitarists of the past decades .
