Biker reacts at lightning speed and worse
On Friday evening Am occurred on itself highway between Machtolsheim Merklingen and a , in case of traffic accident one of the motorcyclist thanks to his quick reaction only .
Motorist Biker overlooks
A 44-year-old driver wanted to turn left onto the state road on 1230 Machtolsheim direction in .
She overlooked from the direction of the next 24-year-old Nellingen .
At hand collision and fly away foot brake lever
He tried bikers to avoid the car at this nevertheless rear vehicle area .
Due to the stripping process the one on Suzuki that of the hand foot brake lever as well as and the demolished driver which was no longer the one in the more able to brake .
At present he steered his in the motorcycle Grünsteifen next to the and it road let it roll out there without coming to come down .
Biker suffers leg injury
the collision with car the biker suffered the injury a nevertheless treated on and in clinic had to be treated one .
Mamming : Corona mass infection 174 Harvesters : infected
After a corona mass infection on vegetable farm of large in Mamming in Lower Bavaria , almost 500 people are under the ected and are no longer allowed to leave the farm .
A security service that monitors outlife ban .
A total of 174 harvesters were tested positive for corona pathogens Sars-CoV-2 , as announced by the Dingolfing-Landau Landratsamt on Saturday evening .
&quot; In order to spread further , we must unfortunately take this step to protect the population , &quot; explained District Administrator Werner Bumeder CSU ( ) .
Previously , employees had already infected this - was that of the occasion was series testing .
The farm is a large vegetable farm , strawberries , which , cabbage cucumbers and beetroot - the cucumbers for but only inlay glasses .
Mamming Community is a rural with good inhabitants 3300 not far from Dingolfing with from its large BMW plant .
Bumeder appealed to citizens to calm : &quot; According to information it is closed a group of people &quot; .
On the farm were not infected by infected , employees of the separate terrain is now one surrounded by barrier fence .
Greens and gave SPD co-responsibility to the state government .
two opposition factions The threw Prime Minister Markus Söder ( CSU ) Cabinet and before his of neglecting the control of accommodation from seasonal workers .
&quot; The bitter can take revenge if such infection events have to pick out local lockdowns and regional must be ordered , &quot; said Mistol , JÃ1 ⁄ 4rgen the Managing Director Parliamentary of the Greens .
The SPD sees this similarly : &quot; Following the Corona outbreak Wiesenhof-Schlachthof in Mitte , we have already called for a special control programme for harvesters with farms , &quot; said environmental expert Florian von Brunn .
Especially &quot; Hygiene conditions at the workplace and the living conditions must be sharp from the point of view of ours in a controlled manner .
That obviously did not happen &quot; .
The &quot; outbreak announcement has come with &quot; .
Underground station Gefährlicher Aidenbachstraße : Dispute : after 19-year-old Schubser track bed falls into the
In the event of a dispute between a two subway station at the youth group Aidenbachstraße subway station , a 19-year-old has fallen through Schubser and .
Obersendling Freitag Am ist - es subway station at about 16.15 Aidenbachstraße clock one came to between dispute two youth groups .
Passer-by One the alerted police , with stripes . Several approached
According to the first investigation , according to Münchner , a 17 ( ) to 19-year-old pushed a ground .
The man slipped over young men and the platform edge fell into the track bed into the bed .
People from the helped group 17-year-olds to climb out of the track .
There was no danger of an incoming track .
According to the police , it came , there were clashes between the two of the .
The 17-year-old initially fled the scene of the crime , but his personal details could be determined in it .
Accompanied by his father , he went to the police inspection . 29
17-year-olds for bodily harm .
: Seehofer report urges for longer data retention
Data retention is the . currently suspended
However , Horst Federal Minister of the Interior Seehofer , however , calls for an extension of the storage period .
He wants to strengthen the fight against child abuse .
Federal Minister of the Interior Seehofer Horst ( demands CSU ) extended a data retention media report instead - weeks the planned a ten year .
As &quot; Sonntag &quot; reports on the picture , Christine Seehofer asked Justice Minister Lambrecht SPD ( ) in a letter for a change in the law in a letter .
Seehofer therefore wants to step up the measures against child abuse .
He considered it sensible to make &quot; necessary urgent adjustments in the already law now &quot; that quotes the newspaper writing out .
Currently , data retention is suspended .
is a It decision of the ECJ is expected to do so .
Seehofer , however , wants the changes beforehand , so that they could be applied positively after the possible immediate judgment , it is said to the report in the report .
One of the Ministry of Justice spokesman said that the newspaper could only be sensibly examined whether it needed legal adjustments , if the courts had decided .
In the fight against child abuse , child pornography and Seehofer , together with interior ministers , had already advocated in favour of data retention in the state in June for one .
: NBA for clipper star Lou Stripclub-Ärger Williams
Excitement in NBA of !
Lou 33 Williams ( , ) professional basketball pro Angeles lot of the Clippers is said to have left the tournament quarter in Disney World Orlando in / Florida for a funeral permission for .
According to US media reports , he visited the strip club &quot; Magic &quot; in City Atlanta in the evening .
Williams the one who is supposed to have admitted ESPN data is back in , Isloation is tested daily on COVID-19 .
Its the reason for visiting : Chicken Wings .
Last February year , Sweet &quot; , Lou he who is called NBA as in NBA , has already expressed love his precisely these for Wings .
wrote The : American &quot; and Magic City Flame Blue ( Stripclub another , in Atlanta note ) have the best Wings in the city &quot; .
NBA insider Charania Shams announced on Sunday on Twitter , the NBA has ruled that Williams has prescribed a quarantine for ten days .
Clippers-Star of the first two misses the official games of the after test game phase .
In World , Disney wants to play the Corona season .
Currently , 22 are the best with teams are preparing for training games in the season final starting the night on Friday .
expresses Söder expresses mass infecton corona layer to the
- Munich Health Minister Huml Melanie ) ( CSU has already announced on a Sunday big farms test offensive for .
The press conference will be shown on the homepage of our live .
The case in the in Mamming district of Dingolfing-Landau authorities and has startled politics .
In the vegetable farm , large currently almost 500 countries are currently working harvesters from several , one more than a third have become infected with corona pathogens .
The farm is now under meanwhile and quarantine one is closed off with building fence .
Nobody may be left the premises , food . Delivered
The good 3300 residents municipality of the offer authorities free . Now Corona tests
Since harvesters had the population who had to less local contact , the , Landratsamt so far , assumes that the infections have spread beyond the non-farm .
&quot; Conscience remorse &quot; : confession of alleged arsonist of Nantes of
My &quot; client has shown up &quot; cooperatively , the lawyer Quentin Chabert newspaper of the .
The defender : &quot; added He very much regrets the confession who deeds confession for was one of him .
His mandate &quot; plagued by remorse and extent of the destruction of the taken very much &quot; .
In one case of conviction , according to the man , ten years prosecutor &apos;s office threaten a fine and imprisonment in the amount of 150,000 euros .
Gothic Those in St. Peter and Paul Cathedral of Nantes had been severely damaged by a fire in the night of Saturday last week by a fire in the night of Saturday .
Fire was broken out of the church , which was far from each other , had broken out far from three places apart from each other .
Laboratory tests on the hardened suspicion arson .
The suspect had already been arrested a few hours after the fire .
He was released one by a day .
as The Volunteer Man works for the diocese and Nantes was eve at the fire of the closure for the cathedral .
there was trace for no violent one into intrusion , church which he quickly came into sight investigators of the .
Discuss the abolition of the 50 1 rule +
DFB President Grindel has recommended former Reinhard to think about the abolition of + 1 rule 50 .
The German &quot; football at least should discuss conditions rules clear and for investors before , completed the facts created EU Commission , &quot; said the Grindel on &quot; Picture Sunday .
He stressed : For those who can become the clubs most likely , at Bavaria and dangerous , they do not work + 50 1 rules anyway : see Leverkusen Leipzig . or
In so far as you comes around the debate , around it is not whether not required , clubs in that want to break the phalanx to facilitate the involvement of investors of . &quot;
However , he had doubts as to whether there is a willingness to allow the majority shareholdings , which are forbidden in the Bundesliga in by the 1-rule 50 .
&quot; It remains a legal risk to draw a European internal market in investment fences the Bundesliga to a business location around the Bundesliga in investment fences , &quot; Grindel said
The former sees DFB boss danger that , the attempts &quot; more to ensure in competitive balance of the Bundesliga , in the end competitiveness only those of our top clubs at European level , but do not weaken but lead to more excitement in championship of &quot; .
Equal distribution of the self one TV money will achieve no decisive effect .
The &quot; Bayern FC makes a 750 turnover of millions of euros Dortmund , Borussia 500 of RB million and millions of Leipzig of 300 .
Differences are already immense among the first three clubs alone are already immense .
The other 15 have clubs one of average budget 130 &quot; million . 58-year-old
Look With past that feels on Grindel feels betrayed .
&quot; Unfortunately , there have been people who have noticed this error to and press who instead of pierced me to respond to it &quot; , Grindel said about expensive the adoption of a watch in which April 2019 had led to his resignation in April 2019 .
&quot; That human has already occupied me very lot . &quot;
Gift That worth the value of about 11,000 euros he had received one of functionaries Ukrainian .
“ I ’ ve committed compliance violation one , and it was right to draw to the consequences , &quot; Grindel said .
&quot; With ominous watch gift I am completely transparent and unsuspecting and .
It knew in many of them DFB &quot; .
He had never made a &quot; gift made of secret to the gift &quot; assured the 58-year-old
&quot; That may be called naive , in any case was form of this was the complete opposite of corruption of &quot; .
Black &quot; Matter Lives Injured &quot; : and a dead man
against the police violence protests the United States have espenated Donald Trump by federal police deployment of several in cities .
Saturday Am came to cities to various between clashes and . Demonstrators Policemen
In Louisville people were injured three , people Seattle were arrested in 16 .
In Austin , a person was killed by shots while a demonstration march crossed a straight .
had previously come into it during protests Portland racism against police violence and again clashes .
The security forces of the including officials , used tear gas on Saturday of the night and drove demonstrators .
Hundreds of partly , armed protesters marched through Louisville in Kentucky and responsible that the Breonna ’ s death Taylor be held accountable .
The old 26-year-old student in had been shot during a March drug raid at Louisville &apos;s apartment .
the goal raid was someone else who did not live there , and no drugs were found .
When Saturday on a member of a group that , calling himself as an self-alliance armed Americans more black , shot a shot three were injured , people were injured .
According to NBC broadcaster , hospital they were taken to the hospital .
None of them was in mortal danger .
The barricades police lined up because counter-demonstrators had also formed a white militia .
The two of them did not ultimately end groups .
In Austin Texas , a person was shot in the &quot; Lives &quot; Black Matter demonstration and shot .
Police Which according to their own into a statement custody suspects .
More details on the circumstances that of the act she has not made so far .
Mayor Steve , according to Adler told the New &quot; Times &quot; York that he was , in many of the like city , &quot; inconsolably stunned and &quot; because of what had happened .
Also in the metropolis , American Seattle engaged the clashes with the police on Saturday .
put in front of a youth prison in construction car fire , police grenades and put a pepper spray .
According to &quot; Seattle the &quot; , 16 Times people were arrested for resistance for police officers or bodily harm .
of the city of In in Oakland California was set in a fire in courthouse in .
Small of A Demonstrator Group have hit window fireworks and , shot down police officers blinded with lasers , police shared the shared Oakland from late ( Saturday night ) local time .
This could be quickly extinguished .
In the suburb of Aurora , a Colorado in Denver , a drove by car one , crowd on one of the .
the police How , one fired the protesters gun fired one and person was taken at least one was taken to the injured hospital .
In addition , there was also smashed in a court in windows and fire was set as , the police reported .
investigations were started .
Rakoczy in Bad Kissingen : Corona Historical costumes
Although great snack was lacking in the spa town , visitors enjoyed the and performers of the Rakoczy flair alternative program .
It was unusual to visitors for , and Acring : Organizers Rakoczy Weekend The Without Rakoczy Festival .
: But even though big the party mile of downtown the crowds lacked program highlights and how , Saale burns or Rakoczy-Ball parade , so many alternative program got their money &apos;s worth at the corona-compliant got their money &apos;s worth .
&quot; I think we are spreading Rakoczy flair , &quot; says Thormann Spa Director Sylvie .
The guests would have accepted it well .
In principle , one returns to the beginnings of the Rakoczy festival , as well as the history of the festival .
Pleasant atmosphere
Vesna Konhäuser always visits with more than her for husband years than 25 Rakoczy festival to Bad Kissingen .
also this time in the Corona year .
That has made couple it Luitpold casino on , made cozy the historical watching while watching and listens to strolling Cuban casino restaurant at live music .
&quot; I also find it so pleasant , &quot; says Konhäuser .
She who miss crowds who do not belong to Rakoczy .
For this , however , she lacks the , program highlights usual above all Saale on the burning on Friday evening as well as the procade historical and at the final fireworks Sunday evening .
&quot; is a pity . already
That would have fit year weather this &quot; super , says . she
Rakoczy equestrian tournament to take place again
For performers that of the spa guests historical meant partly more the alternative program work .
For example , gold for Christina , in the normal year procession and participates there on the carriage of the Kurgartencafé can be seen .
This was year Saturdays and Sundays to walk in costume foot in city of the road .
&quot; That &apos;s more strenuous otherwise , we have it easier , &quot; she says .
He had equestrian club less to do even if Reiter Park individual were on the road .
&quot; We very much hope that , equestrian quadriles coming in the year may take place again , &quot; says Ulrike the chairman Waldhofen .
She announced that several Rakoczy equestrian tournament would take place again after a break in 2021 .
28 Corona cases Spanish with second division club Fuenlabrada
The Spanish football second division club CF Fuenlabrada is sliding deeper into crisis because of an increasingly corona outbreak .
the newcomer Since the Coruña flown near Corona Falls Madrid despite the first on the 20 to July the Coruña flown in game city A Coruña was followed one low blow next .
By Sunday or player 28 team members had been positive , one had been tested to the hospital which , Club as announced .
from Fuenlabrada the city of the same name from the southwest , Madrid still had a chance to reach the ascent playoffs .
He even threatens the relegation to the league &apos;s second B group .
The game against Deportivo La Coruña last Monday was cancelled Monday last at the moment the prosecutor ’ s office for investigating a possible offense against health public , the supreme sports authority CSD is considering the relegation of the club .
The as well as player team members others are sitting in a hotel quarantine .
to the &quot; Until day sixth of quarantine no they have not get towel fresh and gel &quot; , which wrote sports newspaper &quot; AS .
On photos it is see that players like underwear and club clothes had hung up their rooms in drying in the hotel after they had to wash them themselves .
bed linen had not been changed for five the days .
Another problem is . the food
Neither is it sufficient nor good enough , &quot; wrote . &quot; AS
The club lead , on the other hand , shared one was , with satisfied hotel .
The accusation of having health public endangered deliberately rejected , lawyer of the club Tebas Javier Llanas , rejected .
One did not emphasized the corona rules violated by the violated Corona rules , son of the president of the Primera Division Spanish Javier , Tebas like , the Europe News Agency and the press sports newspaper &quot; reported Marca &quot; .
Before the departure , there were four infected people until 19 July , but were isolated and had not travelled along .
before direct flight the after Monday at Coruña A , all and player team members had been tested again .
When the team was already in Coruña A , five six &quot; or more &quot; of the team members were positive Corona test .
The game was cancelled minutes 60 before the kick-off , Tebas said Llanas .
Police steam compartment at needs to catch torled caught horses
Two animals were on the way of the road .
Police They Die led back to their owner .
Sunday morning On 6 o &apos;clock a road user shared two horse-running to the feeder between the confluence Donnersdorf / Steinsfeld of the and motorway junction .
At the arrival of the officials , the horses were again the feeder between and the village of Dampfach .
Shortly after the steam compartment could be won by officials the won confidence horses that could be won by officials , they could be put in the patrol car a carried rope in the patrol car .
Professional cyclist Tony Martin : Career sequel imaginable
Time trial specialist Martin Tony thinks about a continuation of his .
/ Frankfurt Main The - seven-time Martin Tony time trial world champion can well imagine his cycling career .
&quot; I am currently putting team with the framework conditions , which could continue as in and form , &quot; said 35-year-old of the &quot; Allgemeine Frankfurter . Sonntagszeitung &quot;
Martin is employed by the currently Dutch team Jumbo-Visma and before had Corona break had been considering ending his after career year this .
the team negotiations with it is also about the number of race days he said .
Or other problems plagued him , the plagued family man as if Martin were .
In the past , he was after a fall , got up first and he was thought : was again &quot; Fast back .
Today I think as the father of a small daughter would be daughter : What if . , &quot;
The professional cyclist acknowledged that there were aspects that there are certainly , with which he is increasingly difficult .
&quot; But I was good to realize from the Corona time to what I &apos;m doing , cycling and how much I enjoy it . &quot;
The time-trial specialist of the Tour de ( l Ain &apos; 5. to August 9 ) .
Bavaria : At least four dead on Bavaria &apos;s roads Weekend on
This attracts beautiful weather bikers to the streets in many places .
For three at least people ends up with the tour motorcycle .
Even 18 one year pedestrian dies old .
Schönthal Bei - Bavaria &apos;s accidents on the street weekends several , mostly young people .
18 A motorcyclist years old Saturday Schönthal was captured at the near Cham County ( by ) a car that came on counter lane .
car of Why it got on , counter lane . Initially unclear
In Upper Bavaria collided with his 22-year-old horse-drawn carriage .
was on the road at the police Beilngries . downhill
one In bounced in the left turn against him carriage .
His wounds were that severe , he died at the scene of the accident .
Of the inmates of the carriage twelve , one and man was slightly injured , as police reported the .
In the event of another accident , in the deadly Bad Kötzting Upper Palatine 18-year-old died in the deadly Bad Kötzting .
He had overrun on the night of the one on Sunday and road laid by a 42-year-old motorist .
According to the assumption police who wanted to sleep 18-year-old to sleep .
He could not brake down more drivers in time .
At Schönberg ( district of Freyung-Grafenau ) on Saturday a year old 57 bikers in a right turn emergency braking despite frontal against the car .
He died at the scene of the accident .
The 57-year-old driver suffered one , shocking the rest in the passenger car three remained uninjured .
Safety The motorcyclists by on Saturday Minister of Transport of Bavaria Kerstin Schreyer CSU ( ) .
In a letter organizer that of the announced biker protests August driving bans against , Gabor Kovacs the minister , referred to investments such as extensive underride protection and the guardrails defusing more dangerous .
&quot; For the safety of the motorcyclists have achieved a lot in the past years , &quot; he said in it .
Number &quot; The killed by the motorized two-wheelclists decreased by around 28 percent compared to 2011 . &quot;
Kovac with tests Monaco against Frankfurt
Main Frankfurt / ( ) dpa - Football coach For Niko , Kovac will soon be a reunion with his new Club Monaco AS with Eintracht Frankfurt with his new Club Monaco AS .
Eight times The French champion on 1 August ( 18.00 ) the bei , Hesse former the Kroaten Club .
For Bundesliga club it is the only first endurance test for the Bundesliga club and before the second leg in the Europa League against FC Basel 6 ( . ) August
Because of the Coronavirus pandemic the encounter spectators is held without .
&quot; We are especially looking forward to this game .
It is always nice to come to Frankfurt and meet friends &quot; explained , Kovac .
is sporty that is an interesting , test said the . 48-year-old
Before moving to his FC Munich Bayern , Kovac had trained from Hesse until 2016 2018 and led to victory in the DFB-Pokal .
&quot; An opponent of more top-class as one , Monaco &apos;s good test for playing that against Basel .
Like all people from Frankfurt residents , I look forward to seeing Kovac with Niko Wiedersehen Kovac , &quot; said Eintracht coach said Hütter Adi .
The 50-year-old Austrian had taken Eintracht , succeeding the Croat .
In March , Frankfurter lost the round of 16 first leg to Basel with their own stadium 3 : 0 .
50 new infections Almost county : Hof close past the lockdown
County In the farm number has increased the number of Corona new infections on the known weekend has increased further from : on Friday and 39 43 Saturdays on ( one recovered and persons is not falling this in more than 47 on statistics ) Sunday on .
In addition , case one of the city in courtyard .
Thus , space approaches the courtyard from the critical 50 mark new infections 100,000 inhabitants per week in .
700 monsoon rain dead by in Southeast Asia
the severe floods in Southeast Asia are more than 9 million than affected people especially , especially in Bangladesh , India . and Nepal .
Due to strong monsoon rain killed 700 total people were killed .
Bangladesh In striving to reach the crescent Red in the boats isolated people .
Villages Whole are under water .
The farmers have lost their crops .
Tank rhinoceroses National Park in the landslides by
In Kaziranga National Park , tank rhinoceros died several 120 as the landslides .
They are under protection as endangered from extinction .
Year In this , floods are bad the special what to lead to scientists to climate change .
According to Bangladesh , according to Bangladesh , the United Nations , a nation is one of the most affected by global warming in the country .
stand New empty apartments
In Cox &apos;s town of Bazar in the south of Bangladesh , 650 of the 650 displaced people were displaced by floods .
So far , few have only been confiscated
It is difficult Cox to bring people to s &apos;to bazaar .
It also keeps in enthusiasm Grenezn .
Anyone who had an early house , it was still so small and a like hut , often does not want to spend big life in a block of apartment .
Apartments Many stand , empty but - it wants the - government will soon be occupied from those who have lost their homes due to lost floods .
60 Corona new infections one just on day in Vienna
In a 24-hour comparison in 60 Vienna Corona new infections were reported - there were 22 new infections in Lower Austria .
The Landessanitätsdirektion Wien medizinische and the crisis unit City of Vienna , which regularly provides regular information about case figures the current and other key figures : on the status COVID-19 virus Sunday , 26 July 2020 8.00 a.m. , 4,840 ( + positive tests 60 confirmed ) .
The deaths related to the number of viruses is 204 . unchanged
( 4,090 48 + are recovered persons ) .
22 Coronavirus Infections New Lower Austria in
Number The coronavirus infections in Lower Austria have risen by 3,288 22 to now .
According to the medical staff .
This increases the number of those recovered on the recovered 2,936 .
COVID-19 patients in the federal state were 247 in the federal state .
have been carried out so date 147,253 tests have been carried out so far .
105 people died in the context . who were associated with lung disease
rejects counter offer Argentina the creditors
The new demands could not be met , the Ministry of Economy in Buenos Aires on Saturday .
The &quot; would not only be irresponsible but , unjustly also said &quot; , one in .
&quot; While 50 of the children percent in Argentina poverty , in living in the short term can not increase the profits of our creditors in the short term &quot; .
The debt economy are second largest in South America are current the no longer conditions .
That is why Argentina is calling on its private creditors to forego their part receivables of around 66 billion US dollars ( billions of euros 59 approximately ) .
There is no agreement , he is once again threatened by the country .
the ninth would be default of Argentine in history .
Finally , the lenders had demanded higher interest rates on government bonds and contractual clauses changes to some .
However , the Argentine government , however , adheres to its last firm offer and to no one .
Argentina is a severe financial economic crisis and .
The inflation rate was recently more than percent 50 .
Experts running for the year , experts expect one of the economic strength to decline by ten .
May at the end of Argentina did not have interest receivables in 503 amount of millions of US dollars and had settled into a slipped limited default .
Professional - arrived privately not yet
&quot; It &apos;s going super well &quot; - this conclusion Dr. Stefanie draws Kramer after her first days in the notary in Eggenfelden .
End Everything went very fast : Dr. Mitte learned Stefanie Mai Kramer that she will succeed the notarial office Eggenfeldener as Lutz von Feller to the notarial office Eggenfeldener .
Just six weeks , later at the beginning , July the lawyer took her doctorate , work normal that runs day-to-day business on long full swing .
&quot; But I still have to arrive privately , however , I still have to arrive privately , &quot; she explains to Rottaler with the laughs indicator and .
The short , of course , had not enough lead time was not enough to move from the center of life completely Regensburg to Eggenfelden , Dingolfingerin the native .
with current she is her , as Regensburg judge in district court , looking on the suitable of an apartment or a house of the city .
at least her short-term husband could still apply for parental leave in order to be able to ensure the care of the two ( daughters 3 ½ and old 1 years ½ ) .
In order not to commute every day from Regensburg , she too had to explain an overnight stay with their Dingolfing in parents , the 39-year-old .
Growing up in the neighboring district it is , Eggenfelden city has of course been known for a long time .
On visits on site with her family past in months then she has found again : &quot; a Eggenfelden small town is beautiful right . &quot;
more she was all the more pleased that she made her that , in the selection process job free for which the race had made .
Dr. Also Kramers in Stefanie &apos;s professional career , Heimat plays her Lower Bavaria plays a role : central After studying law , her legal traineeship period in Passau and state examination 2nd in Regensburg in Passau .
After several notary assessor positions as others under , in and Rehau Hof in Upper Franconia , in Babenhausen Unterallgäu as well as Regensburg - during this time she also shouldered &quot; the &quot; doctorate in labor law - in 2012 she first her post notary as a red-necked artist in the district of Passau .
In 2016 , she went parental leave in 2016 , followed by her move to Regensburg .
Since then , she has taken on notarial positions in various capacities .
When the place Eggenfelden was advertised in because of the approaching Lutz retirement Feller , she had seen the right time for the full re-entry professional , 39-year-old explains the .
Team The predecessor of her , holiday representation in the future who will take over to the notarial office in the future , Stefanie has taken over Dr. Kramer completely and has - equal for praise of the team ready law firm : runs &quot; super good it &quot; !
The fact that they rely on rehearsed processes here makes it easier for her to take it easier to shift the upcoming private center of life .
Kindergarten Things In has crib places respectively they already with contact local one .
And , as desired , she hopes to be able to pursue her hobby here too soon - and to get to know the most beautiful of the Rottals jogging routes .
plans to the BVB 15,000 league start for the BVB with maximum spectators for the BVB
The Dortmund German largest football stadium in Dortmund start of the season will be a fall to not even 20 filled on a fan return .
&quot; Due to the distance regulations that must be adhered to , we are planning 15,000 with current up to 12,000 spectators , &quot; Borussia , said Managing Director Dortmunds Carsten to the Cramer &quot; Tagesspiegel &quot; .
usually holds the Bundesliga matches in the arena at Revierstadt Bundesliga matches holds a little more than spectators . 81,000
In the Corona pandemic ghost games caused by Corona pandemic , BVB had lost the four around million euros per game .
The Cramer internationalization , which is responsible for marketing BVB , and digitization Cramer , hopes that , in addition to the normal spectator seats , the some 4,000 seats in the hospitality area can be opened again : &quot; It is , of course , when into the office , these revenues completely break away . &quot;
in view of the ongoing corona crisis are currently &quot; all , advises to take a stable to take a side length &quot; .
&quot; If many companies are not well and millions of people are 6.8 in Germany are in short-time work alone , then entertainment is the , limited explained , &quot; Cramer .
The praised Dortmund the BVB pros marketing boss their for , the salary partial abandonment overcoming the crisis of &quot; : Of course , players know that the salary waiver has a different effect when , we 100 , people who work in merchandising , rely on short-time work &quot; .
Wonders : Tiny early start into one with life few hundred grams
Hardly as butter Packerl one , just tablespoon three times his blood in body : overall was the Gabriel he was born as - weighed 273 exactly grams .
This is the boy of a 400 of around premature babies , which are cared for annually for Graz at the children &apos;s clinic .
A quarter of them weighs than less grams of 1,500 one , pair like - and his Gabriel Michael Raphael brothers and - are with extreme lightweight once a non-birth weight kilograms .
They are so small and born so early that lungs are neither intestines , nor , completely muscles nor developed .
Their skin is sometimes so that they could delicately electrodes those of an injured ECG .
And they are so tiny that doll &apos;s clothes sometimes made them and wear special mini diapers made for them .
But in such a way , not that small they would not be in voice &quot; - and like &quot; Berndt smiles , Urlesberger .
Even &quot; of course they don &apos;t scream as loud as big &quot; babies .
When whiteboard becomes the stage
Despite Corona Theater classrooms : in the Das Whiteboard as a stage shortly before the beginning of the holiday 9th classes of St. James Gymnasium of the in . Abtsgmünd
Actress Julia Sylvester from the city of Aalen Theater presented the production &quot; Das Heimatkleid - und &quot; to the students .
Afterwards , the students were able to exchange ideas with Skype of the actress the and Winfried director about Tobias Stück and the performance .
the idea from for the corona situation current to the performance format .
Teacher Teresa rejoiced Nar about the enrichment of the teaching enrichment .
Even if all those involved agrees that they were , direct in the encounter would offer theater nor stage space and additional stimuli , one can also see theater in also the potentials for contact in schools .
If the &quot; technical we frame further improve one that , could be interesting to complement game operation , &quot; emphasized Winfried director .
First drawn round The : In 1860 TSV would meet Frankfurt in the DFB Cup Eintracht
If in 1860 the DF-Pokal to qualify for TSV the DFB-Pokal for TSV , Leuven meet Frankfurt in the first round of Eintracht on Frankfurt .
This resulted in draw the Sunday on .
Sixty Munich - possible opponent in the first round of the DFB-Pokals is decided .
The lions of one with successful qualification would meet Eintracht . Frankfurt
This resulted in the Sunday evening draw in at the ARD Sports Show
the due to because the corona pandemic field of participants is still completely did not come , when the draw placeholders used .
Due to the abandonment of semi-final opponents of volunteer Memmingen , FC TSV of the 1860 already final in the Tto Cup Bavarian or 4 ( 5 September ) .
There lions meet either the or Würzburg kickers Aschaffenburg Viktoria .
Should second-division promoted Würzburg reach the final , Sechzig would already be qualified for fix the round first in the DFB-Pokal
Otherwise , the Giesinger would have to prevail in the final Regionalligist against Aschaffenburg .
first The DFB-Pokals of the round will be held between 11 the 14 and thus September one week before the third division start
&quot; Winds From the &quot; : film legend Olivia is dead de Havilland
The Oscar winner and film legend Olivia de is dead in Havilland .
died on you in Paris Sunday 104 with natural years death of her , confirmed the spokeswoman German Press Agency .
Her Havilland was known for playing Hamilton in the Melanie Southern epic &quot; Vom Winde verweht &quot; ( ) 1939 .
Born in Tokyo as a child , Olivia de moved to California as a Havilland as a toddler to California as a Havilland .
The Austrian playwright Reinhardt discovered Max 19-year-old who was in the role of Hermia Shakespeare of &quot; Midsummer Night &apos;s Dream &quot; .
Film studio The Warner took them seven equal under for years and contract they brought out at the Eroll side Flynn .
She made films with heartbreaker .
In 1946 she won Oscar first of the leading role in &quot; To Each His . Own &quot;
The film was shown in Germany the title &quot; .
Three years later , the award came for best in William actress Wyler &apos;s The &quot; Heiress ( ) The Heiress .
Much recognition was given as her neurotic in eccentric &quot; Dark Who and &quot; Mirror Snake Pit &quot; Die zuteil &quot; .
du Daphne Maurier suggested her for 1952 in the leading role in 1952 in the film adaptation of her novel My Cin Rachel &quot; .
One piece became a worldwide success .
With her bed girlfriend Davis for many years played in her for &quot; Lullaby a corpse &quot; .
From his marriage to the writer Marcus in 1946 to Goodrich ( ) in 1953 .
In Paris , de Havilland married whom Pierre had journalist Paul Galante and the daughter with Gisèle married him .
This marriage also broke up .
about rumors affair one with former Prime Minister , however , Edward Heath , however , were never confirmed .
Road Timmendorf &quot; to Beachvolleyball &quot; : Thole / Winder miss final comeback at
The World Championship second Thole Julius Clemens and missed the &quot; Timmendorf to Finale &quot; at the winder beach volleyball tournament Road &quot; Timmendorf to Finale das &quot; .
At the Top Teams Düsseldorf , they lost in the semi-finals national team colleagues lost their Nils and Lars Ehlers Flüggen in the semi-finals with : 1 2 17 : ( 21 , 17 : 19 , : ) 21 .
Most recently Thole / had played in the winder September last year at the Tour Final World in Rome .
Endspiel Im Rhein ihre am kassierten Bequeror Flüggen Ehlers / das gegen Überraschungsteam Lukas and his Pfretschner interim partner Steven van de 0 with Velde 2 : 17 ( 21 17 : , 21 : ) eine Niederlage .
In addition to the show tournament three , the Timmendorfer Strand for early German championships in September Timmendorfer Strand : The tickets were secured by Armin Dollinger Simon / Kulzer Manuel , / Harms Peemüller Richard and Simon Pfretschner / Sievers Milan .
Calving ejection from confirmed AfD - speaks of FDP &quot; fig leaf
The exclusion of Andreas von Kalbitz from the from AfD of the FDP point of view only a &quot; fig leaf &quot; and does not change the character party of the .
The &quot; AfD is the arm of parliamentary right-wing extremists in Germany .
Kalbitz , Andreas is only part of the top in iceberg of the AfD radicals , &quot; said Benjamin FDP interior politician Strasser of the news agency dpa .
The Federal Arbitration Court AfD had the Saturday in after Stuttgart hearing of several hours of expulsion of the Kalbitz of , confirming the federal board of the majority in May .
is Chairman Kalbitz of the AfD parliamentary group Brandenburger Landtag .
&quot; If the AfD were really concerned of right-wing extremists to consistently remove them from the party , functionaries would have been expelled Björn as well as how Höcke had long since excluded his long followers , &quot; said , Strasser .
&quot; However , there is no political will in the AfD , because right-wing extremism is now part of it . &quot;
Markus said similarly : CSU Secretary-General Blume &quot; That Kalbitz Andreas is excluded , now says nothing changed and &quot; nothing said he world &quot; of the on Sunday &quot;
&quot; Rather , it speaks volumes about how many a frenetic supporter still has in the midst of the right-wing extremists in AfD . &quot;
assumes from Blume that AfD , in elections that will end up below five in the future .
&quot; The Days AfD which are counted in parliaments &quot; .
Kalbitz was the spokesman of an officially of the now &quot; dissolved &quot; wing around Thuringia , the AfD state Björn and group chairman Höcke ; Verfassungsschutz der classifies the crowning &quot; as a secure right-wing extremist aspiration &quot; .
May Im , Kalbitz had thrown out the AfD federal board of the party
As there was reason that he had not given Kalbitz to his former membership in the banned now far-right &quot; Deutsche Jugend Heimattreuen ( &quot; ) HDJ with and the Republicans .
Kalbitz membership denies in the HDJ .
the chairman of the left group in the Brandenburg Sebastian Landtag , Walter , stressed the decision of the Federal Court of Arbitration did not change the character of the : AfD &quot; The wolf has only eaten chalk .
The AfD remains a far-right party , whether Kalbitz with or without . &quot;
Neither with this decision the Federal Party nor weakened wings of the .
manoeuvres The &quot; that is manageable . is Meuthen troop
a one wants further observation Verfassungsschutz the through and escape the trying to get through under radar , &quot; said .
&quot; The AfD won &apos;t get rid of spirits it called them .
A expulsion does not change anything , &quot; said SPD Secretary-General Brandenburger Stohn , commenting on the Erik decision in the Kalbitz case .
Here &quot; AfD state association and the faction held the right-wing leaders of their &quot; .
The legal dispute of membership Kalbitz in will continue in AfD .
He announced that he would proceed civil law on Saturday against the decision of the Federal Court of Arbitration under civil law .
North Sea wind farms deliver a good 21 percent more electricity
Wind power plants on those of the North Sea Germans the first six in the year of the terawatt hours 11.51 into electricity grid .
This is a good 21 percent more than in the period of the same previous year , which reported network operators in Tennet Bayreuth network operators .
Tennet is responsible for the transmission of the North Sea to the mainland and the forwarding through the German electricity grid .
The wind turbines on the Baltic Sea to the non-grid area of Tennet , have further terawatt hours of 2.22 TWh ( fed in ) of electricity .
the total comes from wind power and North thus Baltic Sea to TWh 13.73 , 11.64 compared to good TWh first in the half of 2019 .
The Windernte See thus accounts for almost percent of 19 wind power of the entire Germany in ; for example , this is four percentage points more than a year ago .
Wind farms provide new ones for higher generation capacities
The increased contribution of offshore wind energy which results in the higher in addition to wind conditions , generating capacities because in twelve past months new wind farms have gone to wind farms are grid .
If the 1270 in wind power plants in the North Sea were all run with force at the same time , full mathematically they could generate electricity 6.7 gigawatts .
The transmission capacity is sufficient for this ; according to the 7.1 tendennet , it is gigawatts .
In 2030 , it is expected to increase the German gigawatt 17 on the North Sea in 2030 .
&quot; In and in Germany the Netherlands , we are investing 20 in euros billion the expansion of offshore grid connections which said , &quot; Tennet Managing Director Tim . Meyerjürgens
of the In , wind farms can not reach reality even lake on their , exploit capacity but about 40 percent
Previous This record day in year 2 is January , when North Sea wind farms produced more than six electricity gigawatts .
In the North Sea wind turbines , the 2.5 about gigawatts to 3.0 electricity , which corresponds to three to four nuclear power plants .
This could that seven almost households could be supplied with millions of electricity .
&quot; Art &quot; Skirmish - an exhibition by the artist Leipziger Christian at Galerie Bold der Gmünder of the Kunstverein
almost one The small one was anniversary celebration to . 130
of the birthday of Gmünder Kunstverein : The exhibition opening Skirmish &quot; Arbeiten &quot; with the Leipzig-based Bold artist Christian blew up the frame after a Corona break .
Many more art lovers usually pursued Professor Ripper Dr. . Klaus , who usually pursued as a dialogue between the artist and the chairman of the Kunstverein , Professor Ripper Dr. . Klaus
Equivalent musical The volume &quot; delivered the Defenders the of Universe on &quot; the southern .
of the Northern Gallery , the Sandtogether association was involved . &quot;
: Windbergfest Freital cancelled because of Corona
The Windbergfest takes place in this not year .
The Freital city in September cancelled the planned festival three days .
In years others over people had 30,000 city festivals .
&quot; We have not made these truly not easy - and in the awareness of how economically it is hoped for the - participants is hoped last to the minute &quot; , Lord Mayor explained ( Uwe Rumberg ) .
But &quot; in the end , we organizers as here are responsible for the health of many people thousands . &quot;
If tens of thousands of fixed areas and the marquee into minimum distances , hygiene regulations , as well as a current corona protection regulation could not be complied with .
Or restrictions that would have been strong that of , folk festival would not have left much left .
In addition , the organisational and monitoring effort would increase disproportionately many times over .
Rumberg consoled year . next
Then she celebrates its city of Freital existence 100th with the Winterbergfest among other things from until 9 July and May 2021 the Saxony Day of the 10th from 12 to . September 2021
Dressage Olympic champion in Werth zu Achleiten did not beat
Achleiten - Olympic champion The six-time Isabell , Werth was the outstanding rider in the dressage tournament .
The Rheinberg 51-year-old left out on the weekend at four starts . four
After Weihegold had won a Grand and each Quantaz had won a Grand , she was also in the Sunday Prix Grand Special and in not the freestyle .
On the mare Weihegold 15-year-old , Werth Sonntag Special prevailed in the clearly against Victoria Max-Theurer Austrian Abegglen .
in Also , freestyle of the German Saturday was on the front of fantasizing of their clearly 34 old year student Max-Theurer Victoria .
Werths Quantaz Siegerpferd . belongs to Max-Theurer
The most successful dressage rider in the world is to establish him in the ten-year-old stallion Prix Grand .
For it Quantaz was the first was the ever freestyle .
at the first already tournament three in Achleiten had won all the tests important four before Werth weeks ago .
Last The three of the international tournaments for is scheduled there for 14 to 16 August .
Future in more Worms air traffic controllers in the future
The Worms continues to the university into the : The &quot; Lüfte DFS Deutsche &quot; donates air traffic control professorship for Air Traffic &quot; Management . &quot;
A between the contract of the and the university has now been signed by the DFS in Worms .
The contract was initially concluded for 2021 and started in 2021 .
With professorship which is the start of studies , possibility not only in the summer , but also in the winter semester .
So that many can become twice as trained students so far as .
At the same time , the capacities in the and the university as well as at the air traffic control academy of the DFS will be evenly utilized .
The DFS the university institution at the and occupation professorship .
on 2019 Represented by the university
Since the summer semester , 2019 are the students in the first students of their framework have been training air traffic controllers at the Worms University study course Air in Traffic Management .
In this In have already started nine years of students have already started in this year .
the so far , experiences are very of the DFS , positive those of the achievements of students are excellent .
The combination of study pilot training and makes a significant contribution to further increasing the attractiveness of the pilot profession .
In &quot; these times it is easy for us the promotion easily does not fall for us economically .
However , we firmly expect , however , that air traffic to recover and grow again in the long term .
In order to be able to meet the future in our legal compliance , highly qualified personnel , &quot; says Professor Scheurle Klaus-Dieter , Chairman Managing Director of DFS when signing the contract .
&quot; DFS &apos;s For , the future-proof endowed professorship is one , investment air traffic controllers that will convey a long-term broad professional , cross-knowledge base .
We continue cooperation which therefore with good of the and university at the same time underpin our attractiveness of our as &apos; employer .
This is also underlined by Professor Jens Dr. Hermsdorf , President Worms of the university &quot; : Endowed Professorship The important one forms a bridge and between science industry .
With it , we would like to build on the already existing DFS Deutsche Praxispartner Flugsicherung , which already existing with already cooperation , as the bachelor &apos;s degree programme in Air Traffic Management . &quot;
At the same time , the trust of air traffic control Germans for the Hochschule and Worms Motivation is at the same time to further expand their teaching research competence and in fields of the future , that of air traffic .
In use for air traffic controllers tomorrow , university could set the first with endowed professorship first for a very dual course of study highlights and special innovative focuses for students .
Dr. Alt , Denis at the Ministry of State Secretary for Science , Continuing Education and Culture , emphasises : &quot; The university has a unique selling point in Rhineland-Palatinate .
The signing cooperation agreement today strengthens that of the profile . &quot;
rescue helwdriver on the 45 A
About 30 minutes which was 45 on the highway A Saturday afternoon towards Aschaffenburg , after since a rescue helicopter traffic accident which was in use .
A 76-year-old drove one with Ford 12.40 around in o &apos;clock exit of the in Alzenau-Mitte of the bend landed straight ahead and at the guardrail .
As a result of the impact , the loosened the fronior airbags from the driver suffered minor injuries in the face and had to be hospitalized .
The injuries of the passenger 72-year-old were flown by the emergency doctor by the emergency doctor and then cared for the patient to the rescue helicopter flown to the hospital .
At present , however , the police assume that there is no danger to death .
Vehicle The damaged one , which caused one of damage about Euro 2000 had to be towed .
wants to check Heil wants to test other industries by the meat industry
Corona crisis Which brought the parts of the conditions in the meat industry .
Legislative tightening are imminent .
But rightly they are and - will it remain so ?
Federal Labour Minister Hubertus ( Heil will SPD nach ) the now planned strict against regulations of grievances in also meat industry other industries .
&quot; We will look at industry for industry for and then the respective industry measures to take appropriate if it is necessary &quot; said , salvation in the German Press Agency Berlin .
Employers in Germany already warn against restricting contracts for work in general .
the mass After Corona outbreak at the meat giant Tönnies in North Rhine-Westphalia that wants this Federal Cabinet wants to decide by law a Wednesday salvation by law .
Large slaughterhouses should be allowed to slaughter dismantling slaughter , for and meat processing no external personnel may no longer allowed to use .
is to be prohibit the purpose of work contract employment as well as temporary workers is to be banned there .
Employer president Ingo Kramer said dpa the : &quot; away fingers of a general restriction of work contracts temporary employment and one if , not the whole economy &quot; .
are work contracts are an example of broad to the areas of craftsmanship , the construction industry , the basis of and mandatory plant construction the basis for their value creation .
The &quot; individual misdeeds can destroy such an important one &quot; .
Heil assured : My &quot; goal is not to ban contracts of work in everywhere German of the economy . &quot;
contracts for work are sensible .
&quot; If industrial enterprise is commissioned by a commissioned craftsman to install a security system , this is a whole work contract more normal . &quot;
German meat industry Which considers a ban and temporary agency work of work contracts in the only industry of their unconstitutional .
It should be explained why when portioning and packaging cheese other labor law should be considered in the future , sausage in it says opinion of a legislative proposal , such as &quot; the Neue Osnabrücker ( newspaper &quot; ) Saturday .
one In the case would ban consumer price would therefore rise by up to percent 10 per 20 kilos of product and .
Eastern European employees In many cases of the industry worked in contract companies in the industry worked after the examination of a results of the North Rhine-Westphalia occupational Safety and safety administration of the 16 partly hours on the day .
Often had none . they break
Wage for protective equipment was withtained or rent .
It was also stated that at that situation accommodation was often employed by workers . miserable
Heil said that a relatively strict law had already entered into force for the meat industry in 2017 .
However , these were bypassented by &quot; tricky constructions &quot; .
&quot; Now it must be cleaned up fundamentally . &quot;
Politicians announced Der : &quot; In the , Occupational Safety and Health Act , which we want to adopt at the end of July in the Cabinet at the end of July in the cabinet at the end of July , also measures that , not just the meat industry - concern , for example , test quotas concern higher occupational safety on the clear criteria or for Community accommodation &quot; .
The draft amendments presented before the dpa includes amendments includes the law of securing workers &apos; rights of the domestic and the meat industry .
Brandenburg &apos;s Nonnemach Consumer Protection Minister Ursula ( Greens holds ) more intensive controls .
I would like to be able to do even more controls in many supervisory areas : food controls , animal welfare , possible everything , for example , including animal transports , &quot; said Nonnemacher on Sunday of the RBB programme &quot; Brandenburg aktuell &quot; .
for , however , more staff positions are also necessary .
Three crash ultralight aircraft in Germany
According to the police , people died in the crash of an ultralight aircraft Wesel into an apartment building in German North Rhine-Westphalia in the federal state .
A slightly hurt .
People another two at misfortune had been rescued the injured said a district control center Wesel the spokesman .
At the scene of the accident the one was found parachute , so police became the .
The Rheinische Post &quot; reported &quot; on the basis of eyewitnesses that the hot air balloon collided with an aircraft .
The house is a one- or a two-family house .
More details were not known at first .
evacution of Opernplatz Frankfurter is peaceful
One after a week in the Frankfurt riots , that of the evication Opernplatz on night of Sunday .
Most recently , some dozen people who left him in place , but started before the at 1 curfew .
Police That was since early evening with numerous with in the officers since the early evening , deployed throughout the city police contingent was larger to see .
for the first time on the weekend from midnight for the prohibition of entering Opernplatz , which had come on in front of a riots week .
policemen had been attacked out of the crowd of celebrating bottles .
five At least officers were injured police inputs after injuring several police vehicles .
Night Which was also quiet on Saturday .
car boy : Woman at on accident Bundesstraße 83 Hofgeismar seriously injured
In the event of an accident between Schöneberg and a hut on the 21-year-old Sunday 13.25 .
was taken to the Klinikum Kassel .
looked for thermal imaging cameras with the passengers fire brigade possible .
According to the woman , police were on Bundesstraße 83 in the direction of their place of residence of Hümme as her car , for an unexplained cause from the road and flipped over several times .
In order to save the accident , the fire brigade had to save the roof of the free-cut car .
unclear Since , if there was still someone in the vehicle , adjacent the corn field was searched from the turntable ladder with a thermal imaging camera .
Also the drone squadron Warburg , the thermal imaging cameras , works person search which had been ordered for .
However , they did not find the tall corn plants .
The seriously injured was taken by ambulances to the Klinikum Kasseler for further care .
50 Almost emergency services of the fire brigade Hofgeismar , Hümme and Schöneberg were on site .
Bundesstraße Die was closed for two hours due to the accident .
Juventus Turin Champion Italy in
Turin - redeeming After scoring a Cristiano Ronaldo of Juventus record champion has secured the Italian for the Turin time in the ninth series .
around the team world footballers the five times overall made the Scudetto club history 36th of the 2 with a : ( : 1 0 ) 0 at the home game Sunday evening in against Sampdoria perfectly Genoa .
Ronaldo scored 1 in the before : 0 of the . Half
With 83 Turin points , without the long-injured former national player Sami Khedira , two matchdays ago the end of the series end of the series no longer displace A from first place two matchdays ago .
The table distance Milan is Inter seven back points .
Juventus despite the optical was harmless in superiority of the first , half then met after Ronaldo a free-kick variant hit the last of the action after Ronaldo .
A playback Miralem by Pjanic 35-year-old recycled from that of the penalty area limit with a direct flat shot 45 . + ( 7 ) .
Against the now more offensive guests Ronaldo was also involved in : 2 0 , his dusted after Federico shot Bernardeschi 67 ( ) .
was thus the lackluster decisive but , secured success .
The foul meter shot to the bar in the minute of the 89th only Ronaldo is probably with itself goalscoring rating that have announced on right .
&quot; It is easy to stay physically and mentally for at minutes ball height 90 .
The games are , strangely the momentum and changes &quot; slightly much , coach Maurizio explained after still Sarri the 1 at : 2 Calcio Udinese Thursday .
Especially Before the mental exhaustion of his is player said the great , juve coach .
Because of the defeat , the Turin team could not been able to win the championship .
The ultimately reassuring lead at the top of the standings Juve was mainly due to the weakness of the competitors .
Because in games before the eleven game on Sunday of the only Sitar team had managed victories five in matches before the eleven game on Sunday .
Ronaldo also Whether still , top scorer is questionable .
While the Portuguese superstar scored goals 31 so far , the former Dortmund Immobile Ciro has already scored 34 goals after his pack of three 5 : in the 1 ( 1 ) : 1 fourth in the standings of the Lazio at the Rome Hellas - as many , Robert Lewandowski as to the title win of FC Bayern .
The record Italy in the current is held by the juve professional . Gonzalo Higuaín
Argentine The scored season in the / 2015 36 goals in 2016 for Naples the SSC .
In August , the &quot; Old Lady &quot; Italian the next football title chance .
Juventus is in the round of 16 , but the Champions League has to make up for a 0 1 first leg draw : to make up for reaching Lisbon in the final tournament .
In the knockout round next or Madrid Real City Manchester as an opponent .
Baden-Württemberg : 250 About illegal car races
- Stuttgart Allen punishments threatened and court judgments Despite giving motorists countless in races on illegal Baden-Württemberg : Roads Gas Continues Year In the past and the four of this first months of the year , the southwest has already registered more than 250 car races in the police .
Comparative values for previous years that do not exist , but the Raser judicial authorities are doing it increasingly : Work In the case of between Constance the prosecutor &apos;s offices and Mannheim , a total of investigation 155 for illegal races , year later there were already and 252 in the beginning of June already 151 .
The fewer races were about events about organized , according to that of the response Interior Ministry request on which a Landtag SPD emerges .
In most cases , the drivers spontaneously competed against each other or they fled who had seized from the seized police - this also race is reported as illegal .
At the wheel mainly men , especially in the German 18 ages between and years . 60
Fines 113 - times 15 imprisonment
in comparatively only a few cases the and caught Raser Kasse are also asked to : Ministry of the Interior have been imposed since a total of 113 2018 and fines were imposed 15 custodial sentences .
However , there are no indications of that illegal number of car races .
Rather , other motorists reacted more sensitive because of several of the accidents of tragic processes and more sensitive of past years than previously more sensitive and , more often a said ministry spokesman .
Especially popular with speeders highway the Again and again 8th motorists there brake the traffic , out of themselves to get space and free track one to use for races .
previous In August , a driver was a dozen near that of Kirchheim unter Teck , caught three months earlier there were even riders 18 on A8 of the .
is A81 &quot; most popular &quot; race track
On the A81 registered the even police races more than on A highway of anyone else .
one With speed limit there is made to slow down the speedsters down the Geisingen , which is especially affected between section and the narrowness Geisingen .
The and mostly sports high-priced pimped luxury cars and often have license plates Swiss , because the drivers dodge to the lawn because of the high punishments for fast and driving in the car racing neighboring country because of the high penalties .
For those , SPD must not reduce the speed limit on a few reduced routes : &quot; With a speed limit of a general 130 of the kilometers per hour , we would get this problem on motorways , &quot; says Martin , says Rivoir , transport expert of the SPD parliamentary group of the
&quot; Which would be important for Hemmschwelle would be higher if you were still on the road here and there with 200 legal kilometers per hour and more here and there . &quot;
From enlightenment image campaigns or less Rivoir : &quot; Whoever in such a way does not disregard all the rules in such a way and only his own but life also life on the road users of others , is hardly accessible with reason .
ADAC calls for stronger police to reach through the
ADAC , on the other hand , this is not enough &quot; We : assume that speed limits speedsters will not be deterred by them , &quot; says Holger , Head of Department Bach Verkehr Umwelt and Württemberg at the ADAC .
It also calls for additional and harder routes affected on the controls .
This does not becomes a painful seriousness , which is rare and showdown , does not become highly speed painful , momentous seriousness : From January and 2019 to April , three nationwide people have been witing in the races , two of them in an uninvolved crash nocturnal crash in the city center of Stuttgart and one in Gerlingen .
In November , two young men are said to have delivered to a car race in November .
One of the vehicles came road that came off , garden wall bounced against and one remained on the side , the 18-year-old passenger died .
21 more people were injured in the last two races . Years
However , in the opinion , however , are not necessary of Interior Minister Thomas Strobl &quot; : more legislative in order not to sanction the need for action to sanction illegal tougher vehicle races is not seen , &quot; according to the paper Ministry of the Interior .
Blue light from 23 July : burglar thirsty steals drinks from snack
Rohrdorf : Man One on is in Thursday ( district Rohrdorf Calw ) snack into one and pumped and cash drinks .
A versus witness 3.40 heard noises valley road in the and ran towards the snack .
noticed one he noticed there man , at the fridge with served drinks snack and the connection by leaving in the previously wrapped in an entrance door .
The perpetrator fled direction in that of the snack bar behind meadows .
Burglar The police also aloued at a cash register and stole cash low in the three-digit range .
Suspicious The is described as follows : It is about 1.80 to 1.75 meters in size and of stronger .
In fact , he wore a hoodie black , pants and bright shoes .
Others , the testimony are accepted by the police .
Ackermann sprints to victory final stage on Sibiu Tour
Professional cyclist Pascal Ackermann won his daily victory on the final stage of the 10th of the Sibiu Tour .
The 26-year-old Palatinate old Bora-hansgrohe from the team on the 109-kilometre long section with start and finish in Sibiu in the mass sprint , after he had already won a stage already won on Saturday .
The season victories were the three for and four . Ackermann
In the overall standings , his Austrian Gregor teammate Mühlberger prevailed in the overall standings .
The 26-year-old had decided at the mountain time trial in the morning and thus took over the lead in the classification .
Only 104 riders had competed at the final stage in the evening .
No less than 18 starters were victim to the time limit in the mountain time trial .
“ I ’ m really happy to start season restart that with a victory to begin , ” according to Ackermann his success on Saturday .
The sprint &quot; was really hectic , &quot; said the 26-year-old .
before 300 the meter finish he had simply sprint , his dressed it &quot; and also worked out perfectly .
In accordance with the rules UCI World Federation , all race participants and their companions six days ago .
During the complete and round driver supervisors were isolated in hygiene bubbles separated from as well as from organizing team of the media .
Spectators at the start and not finish . Appromitted
Control center instruction for lay resuscitation
Düsseldorf Accident Tragischer - Sunday noon Düsseldorf-Garath am . in
In apartment house of a child one ( 4 bathing at ) suddenly lifeless in the . Water
Fire brigade According to Notruf der received shortly before : 13 .
A control center dispatent &quot; immediately gave instructions to amateur resuscitation to the &quot; fire brigade spokesman , a BILD agreed .
The rescue workers took over the later resuscitation measures .
in The danger of death child floating resuscitation was transported under the university clinic transported in university clinic .
it is accidental why . unclear .
Police have routinely investigated the course of the accident .
The fire brigade spokesman We : go &quot; one of tragic accident of coming out of apartment &quot; .
Nuremberg : Unauthorized tuning meeting - police intervene , 700 vehicles and around 1100 people
Hundreds of cars temporarily and participated 1000 over Saturday night people participated in tuning meeting a &quot; the parking lot on a furniture store .
She implemented her police announcement to control such intensified events .
A big tuning meeting took place on ( Saturday evening July 25 , 2020 ) in Südstadt Nürnberger .
Several were hundreds involved vehicles .
According to the police , Middle Franconia was increased by the traffic police increased the number of vehicles of an area in the large parking lot in the Ingolstädter Straße .
As a result , the result police numerous carried out one of vehicle controls there .
Only before , the police had announced that they would want to proceed more so-called autoposers .
in Illegales : Nuremberg Tuning Meeting Only less off part of &quot; the &quot; scene
The officials counted among the 700 well-top vehicles and 1100 people circa accounted up , the police .
of this is , however , only a small part of the &quot; Autoposer present of the tuning scene &quot; - and .
Apparently , the majority of the relevant scene came after appeal . Police
On the basis of the place , the people in front and vehicles of that people can be assumed that this were predominantly .
In addition , the proportion of the majority of the infection protection regulations , in particular , compliance with the and the minimum distance of a oral nose protection .
The site carried out before control measures were completed at around 1 : 00 a.m .
A total of officials at the vehicles found 10 structural such changes , operating licence that it was extinct .
Four of these vehicles had to be secured .
No car races
There were no illegal car races .
The &quot; Police Headquarters of Middle Franconia will continue to keep sight on the events in and continue to carry out strengthened control measures also in connection with the emergence of onlookers , &quot; it was said .
The agency spoke News5 with Schrödinger JÃ1 ⁄ 4rgen involved toing company of &quot; : do all the rims have beautiful , we must not &quot; scratch so , .
special tapes would be used for this .
Also because cars are wider , his company must make sure not to cause any damage .
The young &quot; should people finally get their cars back unscathed &quot; .
Employment Agency Figures of : 900 suspected cases Abuse on in short-time work
Berlin - for the Federal Employment Agency ( BA ) , according to its own statement , suspected cases of 900 is based roughly on abuse of short-time worker allowance .
This is &quot; than with more companies 880,000 , have indicated the short-time work , extremely little , &quot; said for the operative board business Daniel responsible of Terzenbach &quot; Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung &quot; .
When at the beginning of the Corona crisis , many companies had suddenly applied for short-time work , which BA had to react quickly .
usually take the exam for up to three to weeks .
So &quot; so much time was not available in us at this stage was not available .
This will make us all the more accurate to us will be the final invoices will look at final invoices .
There will certainly be a lot to do .
We are not naive and have a long breath &quot; .
Evidence of abuse often come from the affected employees trade unions or .
In addition , analysis software uses the BA to abuse patterns .
According to itself , the Terzenbach BA is preparing for possible in the wave of bankruptcy one before autumn .
&quot; Will there be significantly more insolvencies than in the previous year ?
Estimates Which diverge , but we are already preparing for us the case are already training and employees are now training our applications of insolvency fees in for employment agencies are now working applications of insolvency money from &quot; .
the Still are inconspicuous figures , Terzenbach said .
World Heritage in Potsdam : Dissolved in the New Party Garden
On Potsdam Friday evening - about 40 young people celebrated a party in the garden Neue .
The collection was dissolved by the district drivers had been dissolved by the Stiftung Schlösser Preußische Gärten and SPSG ( dissolved ) , which the foundation announced on PNN request .
The young people then left the park .
On Saturday evening , some would have played rugby newcomers in the youth garden .
Meadow Which had been cleared by district drivers SPSG spokesman said Frank Kallensee Sunday .
Again and again there are celebrations of illegal parks in
In the Parks Foundation , which repeatedly comes to collections in which the distance hygiene rules and not COVID-19 contact regulations are complied with .
At the end of June , a celebration was one with 300 people in the park , and Babelsberg came a week later about 150 people celebrated in the New Garden .
Even without corona arrangement parks are closed in the dark .
Storage on That according to the meadows is parking regulations , there are only a few exceptions .
The Foundation has been complaining for a long time that , getting visitors would leave garbage more and protected biotopes .
In illegal Berlin Park parties have reached one dimension of another .
In the Hasenheide district in Neukölln , 5000 to Sunday people celebrated an illegal during the night .
The event was dissolved by the police .
Austria : Mass tests after Corona eruption tourist resort in
Hundreds of authorities have reacted to a popular Wolfgang St. , who is popular in the Corona outbreak of Upper Austrian tourist resort in the Corona eruption .
Number The confirmed of the cases rose to 48 , state authorities such as the ones reported in Linz .
More than 100 results were pending in the evening .
are many according to this , infected of the young interns are infected in tourism companies , even one was at least a holiday guest has been tested positive .
, Inhabitants guests and tourism staff were asked to stay on Saturday evening their accommodation on Saturday evening .
The curfew was set at 11 p.m. at o &apos;clock .
There are &quot; there are there and cancellations &quot; of cancellations bookings , the said tourism board of the boss , Wolfgangsee Hans Wieser the , dpa
Guests also left prematurely .
St. Wolfgang is the tourist resort &apos;s most important , Upper Austria than with more in the overnight stays 400,000 last year .
In one season , about a third of German guests .
On Friday , the first infections were publicly known .
The head , Alois District Department Lanz , defended on Saturday , Saturday the behavior of interns of those who had celebrated in clubs several and had become infected there .
&quot; That we have all done in our youth , &quot; he told the radio station . Ö1
However , on Friday on , two bars were closed to prevent further . Infections
The one tourism association launched to sensitize information campaign young to raise awareness of dangers employees of the COVID-19 .
From Saturday hundreds then were tested by staff , and holidaymakers . Locals tested
In addition , all guests who were from , July 15th in St. Wolfgang were contacted .
The outbreak memories of Austrian of the ski and party resort Ischgl in Tyrol , the initial phase of the pandemic was one of the corona spread of the center throughout Europe .
In total , in Austria there are currently 1500 more virus infected with people .
in focus on new infections and Vienna Upper Austria .
Premier League Man United : and qualified for Chelsea Champions League
( dpa London ) The English football record champion English returns to Manchester United to the Champions after an absence year . League
The Red Devils &apos; last Red Devils secured third 2 on matchday of the League Premier , the Red Devils secured third in the standings third 2 on the match of the League Premier by a – 0 ( 0 – ) 0 win against direct the competitor City Leicester .
Foxes They now have to settle for the one with League Europe , which because still FC Chelsea and also went fourth as a premier class .
Fight In the against relegation Aston was allowed to cheer Villa .
Manchester took the lead of United by a penalty kick of a ( Bruno Fernandes ) minute 71 .
After for Red Card in City Leicester , the Lingard Jesse ( + 90th to ) 8 final score .
Chelsea , opponent of the Champions League round of 16 , Bayern won the Wolverhampton Wanderers thanks to Mount Mason ( 45th 1 ) + Olivier and Giroud 45 . ( 4 + ) 2 in parallel with : 0 ( 2 – 0 ) the Wolverhampton Wanderers thanks to Mount Mason ( 45th 1 ) + Olivier and Giroud .
&quot; That means a lot to me , &quot; said coach Frank Lampard , who , the first of his Chelsea coach as a season also in the final FA of the Arsenal against Cup in the final , the first of his Chelsea coach as a season .
Chelseas Wolverhampton also benefited from victory , Wolverhampton also benefited from victory against Hotspur also benefited Tottenham , who passed Palace Crystal to Wolves with 1 : ( 1 : 1 ) at 0 still Palace Crystal to Wolves passed the sixth and in as the European League .
Villa Aston won the long-distance duel with Watford and AFC Bournemouth , but had to tremble West at Ham United for a long time to win the class at Ham United for a long time .
The late Jack leadership of Grealish ( 84th ) Yarmolenko resembled Andrej 85 . ) ( immediately .
The 1 : 1 ( 0 ) : 0 but because , with : Watford 2 3 ( 1 3 : bei ) Arsenal .
The club , which shot in the three coaches season , five after relegated first division years .
Just like Bournemouth that , even himself : by 3 a 1 ( 2 ) 1 : at the FC Everton could not save .
missing end Am . one point
Liverpool FC , which has been champion English since June , secured itself with : a 3 1 : ( 1 ) win at a Newcastle United club record .
99 counters are the highest , worth the Reds who have ever scored one in ever football season .
Klopp Jürgen , who was missed in the English football coach , was missed in the English football coach with only his team of his team in the English football coach .
The holds best Manchester with points City of the 100 in season 2017 18 . /
After the Newcastle lead in the first minute Virgil ( van Dijk Divock 38 ) , Origi 59 ( Sadio ) and ( Mané 89 . ) match the Sunday on . Liverpool
“ For this wonderful club , a season it was extraordinary , ” said goalscorer Dijk van after the game &quot; that should spur us to defend the title .
&quot; It will be difficult .
should also be satisfied in the end . Premier League bosses
Due to the Coronavirus crisis , football was interrupted in England from 13 March 17 .
In the meantime , even demolition of a premature or a host of the rest of the neutral games on ground was discussed .
could , however , the season could be played without special incidents - as in Germany without spectators in .
Arrests violence demonstrations and at against Netanyahu
The protests in Israel against Prime Minister Netanyahu are getting stronger .
On the night of this , there were violent clashes .
Police is Israeli who of the night Sunday Jerusalem to participate against a violent demonstration right-wing conservative who proceeded against Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu .
Twelve about people were arrested in attending riots , were shared with police spokesman . Micky Rosenfeld
Among other things , the police used water cannons to dissolve the rally .
According to media reports , Netanyahu &apos;s official residence .
They protested unemployment against corruption , dealings and Netanyahu &apos;s corona crisis .
The protesters , drums , blew in horns and called for resignation to Netanyahu .
There was also a participant arrested counter-demonstration which were Netanyahu , supported , news site the reported &quot; ynet &quot; .
in many other places in Israel , including the villa of the private head of government in the coastal city of Caesarea and a park in Tel in .
Man One was arrested police data that according to being arrested in Tel , Aviv suspicion because below stands out to have a moving pepper spray car sprayed on the protesters on sprayed roadside .
Another man was arrested after a stabbing attack on demonstrators in the country &apos;s south after a stabbing attack on demonstrators .
Demonstrator had been slightly injured .
In Jerusalem Tel and Aviv there have recently been demonstrations against several Netanyahu demonstrations .
Rallies accompany the corruption process accompany that against the head of government .
Finally Netanyahu was also criticized for handling because of his . Corona crisis
Among other things , among him , among other things , loosening premature lack and preparing a second on . Corona wave
The crisis of the Corona crisis has added the country ’ s economy .
Most recently , the unemployment rate was more than percent .
The number of coronavirus Israel has recently increased to ever new .
bei ( Unfall Ahlen ) NRW - Transporter auf kracht - Car - nine injured - Bild.de Ruhrgebiet
Ahlen - rear-end collision demanded on Saturday afternoon of the nine injured on B58 at Ahlen on Saturday afternoon .
Motorist was one with her children both 3 ( , 5 ) direction in Beckum .
The police : &quot; She had suddenly slowed down because she wanted to turn . &quot;
This must have been seen by drivers of the Mercedes transporters must have seen one , behind which she drove , late too well .
He crashed on the back He crashed on the car .
In the event of an accident , the three occupants car was slightly injured in the and six in vans were slightly injured .
Several ambulances took her to a nearby hospital .
North Korea Secks Border City Corona suspected case
North Korea so far saw the measures own to defend against a &quot; success &quot; of the coronavirus luminous &quot; success &quot; .
Now , for the first time , the country is reporting a case of suspicion for the first time .
Because of an official first in the Corona suspicion , the country of North Korea has completely sealed fear of a major city out of catastrophe .
Despite the strictest epidemiological in defensive measures past the six &quot; months , vicious virus that may have been introduced into the country &quot; could have been reported to the state media .
The state of emergency was imposed for the Kaesong border town the state of emergency had been imposed .
communist leadership Which exclaimed the alarm level highest .
Should the suspicion be confirmed , it would be the infection case would be official first Sars-CoV-2 with in isolated the .
so far , according to North Korea , not a single and infection had registered as a defensive measures its &quot; luminous success . &quot;
Those were doubted abroad .
According to him , reports were found in a &quot; outlier who had crossed the 19th illegal military demarcation line and between South North Korea on July .
The person three ago had deposed South Korea after years ago and which has now returned across border .
For the buffer zone of the buffer zone , which still mined within four border crossing of the kilometers wide and mostly military mined buffer zone , there was no confirmation to South Korea .
According to the national Yonhap , agency , South Korea ’ s military , however , reportedly admitted , according to the national Yonhap News Agency , South Korea ’ s military admitted the possibility of a North Korea &apos;s illegal border crossing .
There were examinations of some people were investigated .
North Korea , on its own , because of suspicion , Saturday of an emergency meeting of the Politburo ’ s Workers &apos; Party presmanship under ruler Kim Jong Un on suspicion of the Politburo party .
The &quot; dangerous situation in could cause Kaesong a destructive deadly and trigger catastrophe &quot; .
Kim had already action Friday as a preventive , &quot; ordered Kaesong to completely block each and district region and those of others to isolate &quot; it continued .
Those as well as all the people in those who had Kaesong in contact with her had been quarantined .
Central The military commission is intended to investigate the party the therefore &quot; as well as outlier case the responsible conduct of the military unit hard and , if necessary , impose punishment .
Kaesong is estimated to have about 300,000 people .
Tension before Council meeting City-Ost : and noise protection is still under discussion before the summer break
In addition to environmental issues , &quot; the committee members will also vote , among other things , on the development plan Großprojekt Innenstadtentwicklung-Ost &quot; , it is rather said in the casdental central section of the city &apos;s next press release municipal council meeting for the on Tuesday 28 , July , at 4.30 p.m. in the clock of the Great Hall Pforzheim CongressCentrums .
However , the upgrading of the city of the eastern , however , is controversial until the end .
The majorities of this , scarce in recent committees individual depending on even negative presence .
A citizenship developed from the appeal economy construction ( real estate , and IT trade ) , citizenship of the municipal council developed then and by administration municipal council and now do not allow project to fail after almost years of ten , criticized project opponents &quot; Reinhard as Klein Opposition , &quot; extra-parliamentary &quot; unsuspecting speculation &quot; , &quot; densparagement and &quot; conscious false statements &quot; .
All &quot; think to know better &quot; Small , according to the representative of Pforzheim , which has been a member of the municipal council for a single representative of the Citizens &apos; List Pforzheim .
In fact , after reading contracts in : &quot; Position of this , I know what I &apos;m talking about &quot; .
In contrast to statements of the city administration , the exit comes that the city is cheaper the technical town hall is , contrary to statements of the city administration , the Technical Town Hall is after grants , the existence of which is convinced of Klein is convinced to renovate 8.5 for millions of euros .
City Which will develop quite differently than one predicts in the town hall and on the part of the proponents of the from .
The city does not own its own by power and investor to design one zu Das sei gestalten : sein Plan Tag B. Einen nach Klein the FDP / FW UB / LED fraction that , also rejects project alternative concept .
It also essentially envisages refurbishment of the technical of the town hall open keeping , the Schloßberg of the rental , the ex-valley of the administrative area for a and small-scale ideal case inner center redesign with local in the carrier .
Environmental issues play a central role
In addition , environmental issues will play a central role . Role
Among other things , the local council will vote , among other things , on the Noise Action Plan , among other things .
This various road traffic includes measures to protect the Pforzheimer from population health , caused by noise pollution below , often .
In a press release , the Germany Transport Club welcomes the pace of widespread introduction of The 30th political city leaders of the in but are not innocent of the fact that this must come , so must come because they have contributed by the neglect of thinned bus traffic with and intervals by little for commitment the bicycle traffic to the first increase of the massive car traffic and thus noise of that , so the .
also votes the municipal council that of the participation of the city energy of the climate protection agency and Pforzheim / ab Enzkreis .
is on the agenda Accession of the Climate Protection Pact to the state , Baden-Württemberg , which is redefining parental contributions in the and day-care institutions urban which in application for admission of the smart city funding federal Government in application for admission .
Citizens are welcome but must heed corona protection measures .
With a lot delay Tim Zimmermann starts the season new
With half a delay year , Tim Zimmermann 31 will start his July premiere season in the Masters GT ADAC .
Before league which of the supersports cars regularly start operation , test drives were now the first .
Zimmermann The main focus was to get to know his Lamborghini GT3 Huracan .
The long has Corona crisis has prevented time that carpenter Tim could attack his in the first new business trip Lamborghini of Huracan Racing Grasser .
under hygiene conditions . this is now possible .
Langenargener The 23-year-old was able to make his first laps on the Lausitzring and premiered his in the GT3 car .
&quot; There are already a few things that are different from getting out of the Porsche &quot; preseason , says . Zimmermann
With &quot; ABS , for example , differently to go in curves .
it really But has a lot a fun . &quot;
Zimmermann also had fun with Steijn Schothorst , with whom he will share his orange sports car GT Masters .
The Dutchman is despite his only 25 already experienced in the year and GT sports new has been able to help his many teammate things in .
&quot; I &apos;m not a beginner in motorsport , but new ones , every series brings new challenges , &quot; says Zimmermann .
Steijn &quot; I and we understand each other dazzling and we have also made Lausitzring from to session . &quot;
Exactly - there on the - Lausitzring GT will also be the Masters Race will also be its first .
From July 31 , 33 supercars will race through Lusatia .
Zimmermann , the 15 of one is series newcomers , knows the track .
In 2015 he was a guest of Motodrom .
&quot; It worked quickly and little had to get used to the track , &quot; says Zimmermann , for the Friedrichshafener Zeppelin racing community .
&quot; The fast Lausitzring has many passages , optimally you have to hit them , quickly to be &quot; .
fast How then really is a carpenter , this turns out in two weeks .
&quot; Of course , the poker teams in the tests a little , &quot; he says .
are &quot; In the end we are satisfied but very satisfied and look forward to the first on weekend at the &quot; Lausitzring .
Race in Das Brandenburg which will be the prelude of densely crowded of a calendar .
Seven races are scheduled until the beginning of November .
, Current stand is not that will be admitted spectators but - there is a prominent guest .
In mid-August Nürburgring on Niko former Formula 1 driver Hülkenberg will reach into the GT steering wheel
British quarantine Caught by Minister of Transport quarantine decision
Decision The British of the government after Spanain-holidaymaker to return for their weeks has put two under quarantine after Spain holidaymakers for their weeks , transport minister according to the press reports country of the cold according to the press reports .
Accordingly , Grant is currently on holiday in Shapps Spain on holiday , of all places , his colleagues while at home on Saturday measure which decided .
Because of the Corona figures in Spain , the Cabinet in London removed from the country list of those of the countries that are able to enter without a quarantine requirements .
The new scheme applies today , Sunday will be quarantine for shapps to quarantine even after on his return .
In Austria , Austria has also imposed the quarantine measures government on returnees .
But the scheme applies to those who are just on the holiday deadline only from Saturday , August 1 and not overnight .
Incidentally , Spain is still considered one of the &quot; safe &quot; countries in Austria so far , countries that are not needed for quarantine in Austria for quarantine .
Numerous ministers &quot; are likely to have in advance , there is a possibility that a quarantine on holidaymakers will be imposed on Spain &quot; , commented the Labour MEP .
&quot; But apparently no one has bothered to let Shapps Grant . &quot; say
Less than a month after the end of Spain in Corona state of emergency and the expiry of the curfew , the number of infections are rising again in the country .
in front of virologists nightlife above all for new spread of the .
Spain is one of the favourite holiday destinations of the British .
From unnecessary travel to the Spanish mainland the government currently advises British , British among the holidaymakers are particularly popular Canary Islands Balearic Islands .
So far in Spain than more than 272,000 infections with the coronavirus novel more and 28,000 than registered deaths .
Russia of the Navy : Day announces : Putin for hypersonic weapons warships
Russian President Vladimir Putin has announced on the Day of the Navy in his one country of equipping warships .
With these weapons unique in the world weapons , combat opportunities would be the Russian of the expanded naval forces , Putin said in Sunday at St. Petersburg at central .
Ministry of Defense The agency also informed that Interfax also informed about the successful tests built by the navy for hypersonic missile .
Hypersonic weapons They have many times the speed of sound of about 343 second per meter .
They are considered weapons of the future
Underwater tropedeo continues to be built
Poseidon , Poseidon that the atomic underwater torpedo was called Poseidon it .
The planned is sea drone planned to destroy coastal targets .
The president also of even one with , military boat said that in 40 years ships would be put into service to the individual fleet units of the largest in the country earth .
Russia has a coastal area just like big other no country world of .
300 For years , Navy has been protecting Russia reliably said Putin that of sailors of celebrated nationwide .
at many Also Russian other coastal towns the naval forces celebrated the day with navy parades .
In Syria Russia where , who fights alongside ruler al-Assad Bashar , the military demonstrated the one at arms show in the Tartus Mediterranean port of .
There too was . Ammunition was fired
On display in the published Ministry of Defense video only not warships including , submarine one but also combat helicopters -jets and .
Hurricane &quot; Texas Hanna reached &quot; : help from Corona made more difficult
- The Washington &apos;s first hurricane season this year &apos;s over Atlantic Texas has pushed into land .
Floods Lie-threatening strong , winds fierce and rainfall now threatened parts of the , U.S. State told the Hurricane Center National NOAA of the local time in US climate authority of the night on Sunday ( ) local time .
Governor Greg Abbott declared a state of emergency for many districts .
The rampant Texas Corona pandemic work made the helpers of the , Abbott said aloud said further US media .
called to the evacuees Caution
“ Everyone is hurricane enormous a challenge , &quot; Abbott said newspaper according to the “ Houston . Chronicle . ”
Looking at the hurclone in he , he added to Texas : &quot; This is complicated challenge and is exacerbated , considering that considering that through it sweeps in territory that is the COVID-19 strongest of the affected state . &quot;
According to this , in Johns Hopkins University as a result of the Corona pandemic , 5,000 have died in Texas alone in Johns Hopkins University as the Corona pandemic .
Abbott called people who would have to leave the houses , be careful .
They should disregard practices &quot; to which we have become accustomed to &quot; , not wearing masks , the governor told the station according to CBS .
It is important to keep all that distance .
Therefore , places in some have also been provided hotel rooms .
In addition , emergency shelters in solle should be tested on Corona .
had initially only been reported from the Port coastal city Mansfield .
Storm warning withdrawn again
With wind speeds of up to 150 to per kilometer per hour &quot; , &quot; Hanna was , according to the authorities &quot; on the island of Padre directly Iceland off the coast of Texas .
The tropical storm had previously been upgraded to a hurricane of the lowest one stage .
For the coastal section to Port Mansfield until Sargent had been a first storm surge warning and later enacted .
a authorities expected weakening , &quot; as further &quot; Hanna inland and the northeast headed towards Mexico .
&quot; Douglas is moving towards Hawaii
In the Pacific , &quot; Hurricane Douglas &quot; was in the night Sunday with wind speeds of about kilometers of 150 in per hour .
Hurricane Center That expected , however , that it would continue to weaken further .
According to the prediction , he is said to be the largest Hawaiian islands on Sunday ( local time in the ) near the islands on Sunday ( local time ) near the islands - his storm then as below the hurricane threshold
Over the Atlantic , this NOAA expected an active hurricane season over the Atlantic , according to the year forecast of an above-average hurricane season .
June From the end of November was up to ten to hurricanes of it , could be expected to be up to six very strong cyclones , the declared authority .
There are average In the year per the six over Atlantic hurricanes , three of which develop great to storms strength .
In view of available and climate data of the higher water temperature in the Atlantic of the Caribbean and likelihood that the season is only 30 percent , one of the below-average even ten only at , percent of it at the time .
US President Donald wrote to Trump Twitter that storms observe his exact government and are in contact with those affected in states .
Goals revoked Four : Video assistant &quot; Sassuolo &quot; punished
Sassuolo &apos;s Filip Djuricic was stripped of two goals
- Naples Four scored goals , goals revoked four Calcio Sassuolo : experienced at the 0 : ( 2 0 : ) at the SSC 1 Naples Italian in the series football league A a raven black evening and was angry at the video assistant referees .
&quot; A given non festival gates for Sassuolo for .
Never before has the tough VAR done one against a team , &quot; commented the &quot; Corriere dello Sport . &quot;
Host Naples had taken the lead by goal of defense defender Elseid in Hisaj minute of the 8th , the 32nd in minute first cheered Filip Djuricic ’ s compensation .
The Video Assistant VAR Referee ( took hit ) took the one of one due to offside position . back
Five later minutes Djuricic shot Ball into the net again - again he attacked VAR .
Also by attackers ( Francesco Caputo 50 . ) Domenico and Berardi ( ) took 61st team of referees took the according to VAR note of the . back
In extra time of the made Allan 2 0 final score : for and Naples bitter for evening the Sassuolo .
&quot; The VAR is for worse Sassuolo than a radar trap on punished road of the and like Sassuolo team none .
new technology The records ensures , &quot; for which writes &quot; dello Sport Gazzetta &quot; .
Bayern FC Pavard Munich : injured
Munich dpa ( ) - The start of the hot preparatory phase for the champions began with a setback for League Bayern double winner FC setback with one .
After the short one holiday and a few &quot; training days reasonably good &quot; , Hansi Flick has to recover already first after team training , the one of injury Pavard Benjamin World Champion can rebuild his successful defense .
The Frenchman of Manuel behind Captain Neuer and Joshua Kimmich midfielder the third most of the mission minutes , has suffered a band injury of the left root of the foot and threatens to be missing in king class duels .
In the dirty weather he broke a right-back training game and off one was driven with a golf kart course was driven off .
long How regular player who has to pause the title in the unrestricted fight , open .
An eighth final second leg in the against FC at Chelsea 8 is likely to be difficult on August , and the 24-year-old hope on August 12th in the beginning of the final tournament Lisbon the 24-year-old can hope .
Bavaria They do not want to be stopped from the mishap training from Sunday .
Flick named in the personal of his triple formula three the attributes of which he wants his stars on the way to the capital of Portugal .
, Quality intensity and its concentration victorious title collectors in the ideally following to 28 days king class final on August 23 .
&quot; We have mastered with compulsory championship trophy and easy .
Now it is special to do that said , &quot; Flick .
Until you can deal with the Munich final tournament and the previously training camp can concretely with one in the Algarve can concretely with the Munich final tournament in the previously training camp , however , the round of 16 duty is for the first time the Chelsea against FC .
the 3 After : 0 first leg before in the Corona break of the Londoners in the non-native arena as lost in the &quot; dahoam &quot; final again in 2012 to the Bavarian nightmare .
&quot; We have to go through the door first .
We want to win , create good conditions and refuel with confidence good a game , &quot; Flick demanded .
A test attunement is due on Friday against Olympique Marseille .
With a long speech Flick had his stars who , after the 13 double days holiday , had sworn a unique one on August .
31 players he welcomed to the , Säbener Straße also the among new players Leroy around fine shopping , Sané who for the first time his after changing Manchester from City all colleagues new on the place for the first time after moving Manchester from City .
&quot; Leroy as all the new ones fits well , &quot; reported . Flick
instead of talking about new season , if Co . Sané &amp; more are not allowed to co-train just are allowed to talk , a lot of Flick current rather the title project over the German .
After days of small-group training individual and is now trained in team strength for the Londoners , as opposed to flick ensemble to the playing rhythm are in .
After that , a quarter-finals against FC Barcelona and Lionel Messi in the real semi-finals Madrid , Manchester City Juventus or .
Way to one to the Lisbon final in &quot; is not easy , ” stressed head coach , who from Tuesday , on can rely on services the new assistants of his Miroslav Klose in training .
The World Championship record scorer Klose and know of Flick so tournament preparation some more common , which is particularly important with it 0-to 100 attunement .
With team of his current that is a work &quot; enjoyment praised . , Flick
The &quot; focus on winning &quot; is one of his impressive .
At the tournament , nine-teams were also ambitious on Sunday .
Of top performers all those , were also the migrant Thiago defender and David Alaba whereabouts of that , beyond the royal class season , which is not secured .
Formula That needs 1 , special rule one to select her world champion
Since on the unrequired number driven on continents , the FIA must be awarded to improvise to award the World Cup titles .
All , however , were cancelled in American races .
race calendar is becoming more and more concrete
The form of the race calendar continues to take shape up the current Formula 1 season continues to take shape .
In addition to the ten Prix , further racetracks were added under the three week .
In October , Nürburgring and Portuguese in the Portimão Portuguese will be driven in October .
On November , the first Hamilton Lewis and Co. will compete on the Italian in for traditional race track Imola .
This means that the race calendar currently comprises 13 stand races after 2020 .
We are &quot; pleased to continue to make great progress in completing our plans for the 2020 season , &quot; Formula 1 boss , said Carey Chase .
A total of extraordinary season of these 15 18 will be completed in races of the motorsports premier class .
Formula 1 wants to complete the season in Asia .
The final race calendar coming in the and fixed weeks .
According to media reports , the targeted races Bahrain in Abu and Dhabi in media reports December , appearances could still take place in Vietnam in and Malaysia November could take place .
Regulations require races on continents three
The regulations of Formula 1 call for the award for World Championship of but at least race continents on three .
Also , as currently , planned only two drove on continents , one is supposed to be world champion .
With a aid special rule , the FIA wants to award the titles citing &quot; on exceptional circumstances because of &quot; coronavirus pandemic .
The traditional start of the season Australia in the had to begin due to March corona crisis due to March .
A issue to return to the continent this year is not .
In addition , Formula 1 this year will not be guest to America this year .
criticizes Brazil with criticism
Due to the corona situation tense , the races Canada in , the , USA Mexico Brazil and will not take place .
We look forward to being back to them in the next season , &quot; explained Carey .
The refusal of the American race rejection met above all Brazil into criticism Die &quot; : came for us rejection not surprisingly , but the reasons for this we can not accept the reasons for this , &quot; said Tamas Rohonyi , the promoter Grand Prix São in Paulo .
Thus , the region in the infection figures area are significantly lower of São Paulo are significantly lower than in other regions . Brazil &apos;s
Concerns The some teams in Brazil , not driving up , would not want to justify refusal .
It is prepared for the required security measures that are prepared .
: Evil Greta Thunberg against gaze Donald Trump went around the world
Greta spoke to Thunberg about her meeting with US President . Trump Donald
Thunberg Greta was well known on the latenight show Stephen Colbert from via video lock guest and revealed interview in what she had at what her encounter with Donald Trump .
Klimaatkivistin Thunberg Greta per was video lock to a guest in popular .
Among other things , she told the world about , among other things , against fighting powerful of the world .
also talked about her famous &quot; evil eye &quot; of her encounter with Donald Trump .
New City York - the past two years , climate activist Greta has drew tireless commitment to the Fridays For &quot; Future on &quot; movement with her Thunberg .
Now she spoke in a latenight show about her plans of the future and her meeting with US President Donald Trump last year at the UN climate summit .
Latenight presenter Colbert Stephen 17-year-old welcomed the on Thunberg Tuesday broadcast of yours in a and longer interview with the Swede
she spoke not only about her against climate change , but also conflict over her with the powerful of the world .
&quot; There are some , things have surprised me , &quot; she said .
&quot; How far people go around , the focus of people from away to the climate crisis , &quot; she shook .
&quot; Everything from organized to hate campaigns , threats just because a group of children take to the streets &quot; she experienced .
and leading heads of state who silence the politicians , social media in them or against ridicule even they even try to silence , they finds &quot; , &quot; funny since you have the reactions , since they have &quot; others have no answer to it &quot; .
It became particularly interesting at the end of the interview , when Greta Thunberg was approached about a well-known scene , in which Trump US president who took a bitter look .
At the UN Climate Change Summit 2019 in New York , which sailed across the Atlantic for the nude , her expressive from view cameras that has been captured since then and countless of Internet people have been seen in .
the short clip GIF , so image thus animated one that ultimately became one of the most frequently used images for Trump opponents .
But what did 17-year-olds think for the moment the president for the moment ?
To Stephen &apos;s relatively open question , Colbert only answered her for a short time and &quot; To be dry : I be honest , I think there is no need for any explanation &quot; .
The satirist had probably had not expect experienced Colbert briefly and disappeared laughing from the picture .
With &quot; their dare how ? you speech about &quot; the principles of climate protection , she remained in many memory of the climate conference .
Ex-Dortmunder Immobile with pack of three for Rome Lazio
Ciro in the immobile race for Europe &apos;s now Golden Shoe on the same par of Bavaria with Lewandowski Robert .
The Dortmund former Immobile Ciro continues to have the best chance to become Italian in top scorer of the football championship .
The former BVB professional scored three goals in the 1 5 ( 1 : 1 ) victory of Lazio at Rome Verona Hellas , including two penalties turned the halves of both in extra time .
For 30-year-olds of the 34 ends from the fourth game of the standings to now season goals to his account from the fourth game of the season - many also scored Lewandowski Robert FC from Bayern Munich in the past Bundesliga season .
In Italy Cristiano follows 30 goals so far with Ronaldo 30 goals so far with Ronaldo , the superstar met Portuguese Sampdoria on the still top evening Sampdoria .
Fleetwood Mac co-founder Peter Green died
His was like life a rollercoaster ride one : After a fast-paced with ascent Mac Fleetwood it went downhill and then slowly up again .
Now the blues rock guitarist has died in Peter Green at the age of 73 .
Guitarist Ingenious drug junkie , : Kult-Anhänger Der der Band Mitgründer Fleetwood , Mac Peter Green , is dead .
He had died peacefully sleep at the age of 73 , died Saturday to the family members officially one in statement one , another for statement would be announced the next few days .
Top musicians such as Peter Green Frampton praised as blues - the best rock guitarist and .
Fleetwood Mick spoke in a reaction emotional one of monumental &quot; loss &quot; for all previous and current members band Fleetwood Mac .
Drummer The Fleetwood of the and green guitarist had meanwhile founded the long-legendary band in London in 1967 , today until his is unforgotten instrumental hit &quot; dreamy albatross . &quot;
The life of the musician of the &quot; ( End The Of The , Game &quot; The In Skies &quot; ) resembled a rollercoaster ride .
Mac With Fleetwood Green experienced a fast-paced - rising the band biggest then celebrated their successes then him without .
There is said to have been , among other things , among other things because , profits Green that all group wanted charity for donation purposes .
He began to perform in robes and wide crucifix large .
Psychological problems are said to have played a role .
Three years after the founding of the Green , the 1970 band left .
This was followed by a social . Descent
The blues rock guitarist suffered from drug abuse schizophrenia like and biographers , reported .
For a long time in Green was treated psychiatry .
While most of the 1970s musicians scene disappeared from the .
He temporarily lived on the street , cemetery gardeners as worked and spent a time in an Israeli kibbutz .
Green was born in 1946 as the Jewish of a working-class family in London &apos;s Bethnal Green .
At a young age he was enthusiastic about US blues musicians such as Muddy B.B. King and Waters .
At the age of eleven he first learned the guitar handles
At the age of 15 , the teenager began playing guitar professionally and five years later got the chance to be on the stage as a lead guitarist for the B instrumental band &apos; Peter s Looners stage .
was later little when he was engaged for his replacement Idol Eric at Bluesbreakers Clapton .
In the middle of the blues boom , Green founded his McVie and Fleetwood John with Bluesbreakers colleague Mick founded his McVie and Fleetwood John in the summer of 1967 .
The composed by Green Song Albatross gave the group the first number 1 hit in the group in the winter of 1968 and catapulted the top of the British music scene
But the rapid ascent soon showed : his dark sides copwith the green with media hype , not his drug with experiments of the LSD became more and more extreme .
Life The music and between addiction he once commented on one in : Interview &quot; What worst , life happened to me in me are the , - the best drugs , one was number 1 hit &quot; .
Towards the end of the decade , Green surprisingly achieved an album inspired by religious themes in 1979 .
Fleetwood , meanwhile , without Mac , swam him on a wave of success in formation new on a wave of success .
In 1977 , their &quot; Rumours Album &quot; sold more than millions of 40 copies worldwide .
Despite small solo successes Green , Comeback did not succeed one , bigger until he started a new one friends with a group of musicians in 1996 .
The British daily &quot; Telegraph &quot; at that time spoke to a rock star who returned from Earth .
Free Drugs from Green released several group to albums with Peter Green of the Splinter several group to albums with Peter Green of the Splinter , which band disbanded in 2004 .
Music experts For him was already lifetime to a blues legend during his lifetime - with and his gentle a sound of the most influential decades of the guitarists .
