Biker reacts at lightning speed and prevents worse
On Friday evening , a traffic accident occurred on the road between Machtolsheim and Merklingen , in which a motorcyclist was only slightly injured to his rapid reaction .
Motorist overlooks biker
At around 9.30 p.m. , a 44-year-old driver wanted to turn left with her VW from Merklingen onto the Landesstraße unk in the direction of unk at around 9.30 p.m .
She overlooked the 24-year-old , unk motorcyclist from the direction of Nellingen .
During the collision , hand and foot brake levers fly away
The biker still tried to avoid the car , but still unk it at the rear of the vehicle .
Due to the stripping process , the Suzuki unk hand and foot brake levers were demolished on the Suzuki unk and the unk was no longer able to brake .
At present , he steered his motorcycle in the Grünsteifen next to the road and let it rolled out there without falling down .
Biker suffers leg injury
Due to the collision with the car , the unk nevertheless suffered an injury to the pim and had to be treated in a clinic .
Mamming unk Corona mass infection : 174 harvesters infected
After a corona mass infection on a large vegetable farm in unk mamming , almost 500 people are under quarantine and are allowed to leave unk Betrieb unk more .
A security service supervises the outlife ban .
A total of 174 unk tested positive for the Corona pathogen Sars-CoV-2 during the series examination , as the Landratsamt unk on Saturday evening .
&quot; In order to further spread , we unfortunately have to take this step to protect the population , &quot; explained unk Werner Bumeder ( CSU ) .
Previously , seven employees had already been infected in the company - this is the occasion of the series test .
The unk is a large vegetable farm that cultivates strawberries , cucumbers , cabbage and beetroot - but the cucumbers only for inlay glasses .
Mamming is a rural municipality with a good 3300 inhabitants unk of Dingolfing with its large BMW plant .
Bumeder appealed to the citizens to keep calm : &quot; According to our information , it is a closed group of people &quot; .
On the unk , infected people were separated from uninfected employees , the site was now surrounded by a barrier fence .
The Greens and SPD gave the unk co-responsibility .
The two opposition groups accused Prime Minister Markus Söder ( CSU ) and his cabinet of neglecting the control of the accommodation of seasonal workers .
&quot; This can take revenge if such local infection events need to be ordered unk and regional lockdowns have to be ordered , &quot; said Jürgen Mistol , the parliamentary unk of the Greens .
The unk is similar to the SPD : &quot; after the Corona outbreak in the Wiesenhof-Schlachthof unk Mai , unk have already demanded a unk for farms with harvesters , &quot; said environmental expert Florian von Brunn .
&quot; In our view , the hygiene conditions at the workplace in particular must be sharply controlled .
This obviously did not happen . &quot;
The outbreak unk &quot; unk announcement &quot; came .
Underground station Aidenbachstraße : Dangerous dispute : 19-year-old falls into the track bed after Schubser
In the event of a dispute between two youth groups at the subway station Aidenbachstraße , a 19-year-old slipped through a thrust and slipped into the track bed .
Obersendling - On Friday there was a dispute between two youth groups at the subway station Aidenbachstraße at around 4.15 p.m .
A passer-by alerted the police , who arrived with several stripes .
According to the first investigation , a Munich ( unk ) pushed a unk ground
The young man slid over the platform edge and unk into the track bed .
People from the 17-year-old group helped the overthrown to climb out of the track .
There was no danger of an incoming track .
Like the unk , there were clashes between the unk persons unk
The unk initially fled from the scene , but his unk could be determined in retrospect .
In unk with his father , he went to Police Inspectorate 29 .
The 17-year-old becomes unk for bodily harm .
Report : Seehofer unk on longer data retention
Data retention is currently suspended .
Federal Minister of the Interior Horst Seehofer calls for an extension of the storage period
He wants to strengthen the fight against child abuse .
According to a media report , Federal Minister of the Interior Horst Seehofer ( CSU unk calls for extended data retention - ten weeks of half a year .
As reported by the &quot; Bild am Sonntag &quot; reports , Seehofer Minister of Justice , Christine unk ( SPD ) is sending a letter for a rapid change of the law .
Seehofer unk therefore unk reinforce the unk against child abuse .
He makes it sensible to &quot; make urgently needed adjustments in the law , &quot; the newspaper quotes from the letter .
Data retention is currently subject to data retention is currently suspended .
There will be a decision to the ECJ .
Seehofer , however , wants the unk beforehand , so that unk could be applied immediately after a possible positive judgment , the report continues .
A spokesman for the Ministry of Justice told unk Zeitung that it was only possible to check whether legal adjustments are needed if the courts had decided .
In the fight against child abuse and child pornography , Seehofer unk had already spoken out in favour of data retention in June .
NBA : Stripclub hyle for clipper star Lou Williams
unk in the NBA !
Lou Williams ( 33 ) , basketball pro of the Los Angeles Clippers , unk the tournament district unk Disney World unk Orlando / Florida with permission to have unk for a funeral .
According to US media reports , he visited the strip club &quot; Magic City &quot; in Atlanta in the evening .
unk , unk the visit according to ESPN data unk , is back in Isloation , is tested daily on COVID-19 .
His reason for the visit : Chicken Wings .
In February last year , &quot; Sweet unk &quot; , as he is called in the NBA , has already expressed his love for exactly unk Wings .
The American unk : unk Magic City and Blue Flame ( a unk strip club in Atlanta unk usually ) have the best wings in town &quot; .
NBA insider Shams Charania announced on Sunday on Twitter that the NBA has ordered Williams a ten-day quarantine .
Thus , the Clippers star misses the first unk official unk after the test game phase .
In Disney World , the NBA wants to play the Corona season .
unk , the best 22 teams prepare for the season finale , which starts in the night on Friday .
Söder unk sich unk Mass infecton about the corona location
Munich - Health Minister Melanie Huml ( CSU ) has already announced a test offensive for large farms on Sunday .
unk press conference will be shown live on our homepage .
Der unk in Mamming in the district of Dingolfing-Landau unk Authorities and politics startled
The large vegetable farm currently has almost 500 unk from several countries currently work on the large vegetable farm , more than a third have been infected with unk corona pathogens .
The farm is now under quarantine and is closed off with a building fence .
No one is allowed to leave the unk verlassen unk food will be delivered .
The authorities now offer free Corona tests to the good 3,300 inhabitants of the municipality .
Since the harvesters had a unk population , unk Landratsamt has so far assumes that unk infections have not spread beyond the farm .
unk remorse &quot; : confession of the alleged arsonist of Nantes
&quot; My client has shown himself to be cooperative , &quot; lawyer Quentin Chabert told the newspaper .
The defender added : &quot; unk deeds very much , the confession was a liberation for him . &quot;
His mandate was plagued by remorse of conscience and very taken away by the extent of its destruction &quot; .
According to the prosecutor &apos;s office , the man is threatened with ten years in prison and a fine of 150,000 euros .
The Gothic Cathedral of St. Peter and Paul Cathedral in Nantes was severely damaged by a fire on the night of Saturday last week .
The fire had broken out in three distant places in the church .
Laboratory tests unk the suspicion of arson unk
The now imprisoned unk was arrested a few hours after the fire .
He was released after a day .
Der unk works as a volunteer for the diocese of Nantes and was responsible for the closure of the cathedral on the eve of the fire .
Since there was no trace of a violent intrusion of the church , he quickly came into the view of the investigators .
Discuss abolition unk 50 + 1 rule
Former DFB President Reinhard Grindel has recommended that you think about the abolition of the unk 50 + 1 rule .
&quot; The unk football should at least discuss establishing conditions and unk rules for unk investors before the EU Commission creates fait accompli , &quot; said Grindel the &quot; Bild am Sonntag &quot; .
He stressed : &quot; For the clubs that can most likely to become unk and Dortmund , unk + 1 rules do not work anyway : see Leipzig unk Leverkusen unk
In this respect , unk cannot avoid around unk debate , whether unk is not unk , clubs that want to unk in this phalanx unk to facilitate the involvement of investors &quot; unk
However , he has doubts as to whether there is a willingness in the German Football League there is a willingness to allow majority shareholdings , which are unk in the Bundesliga by unk 50 + 1 rule .
&quot; It remains a legal risk , in a European unk investment fences around the business location Bundesliga unk , &quot; said Grindel unk
The former DFB boss sees the danger that &quot; the attempts to ensure more competitive balance in the unk Bundesliga in the end only weaken the unk of our unk at the European level , will not lead to more excitement in the unk &quot; .
Even a equal distribution of TV money will not have a decisive effect .
&quot; FC Bayern makes a turnover of 750 million euros , Borussia Dortmund unk Millionen and RB Leipzig of 300 million unk
So the unk are already immense among the first three clubs .
The other 15 clubs have an average budget of 130 unk , &quot; said the 58-year-old .
With a view of the past , Grindel feels betrayed .
&quot; Unfortunately , there have been people who noticed this mistake and pierced it to the press , &quot; said unk about the adoption of an expensive watch that led to his resignation in April 2019 .
&quot; That has already occupied me humanly &quot; .
He received the gift worth around 11,000 euros from a Ukrainian functionary .
unk I committed a compliance violation , and it was right to draw the consequences from it , &quot; said Grindel .
&quot; I dealt with the ominous watch present in a completely transparent and unsuspecting .
Many knew about it in radio . &quot;
He never &quot; made a secret of the gift , &quot; assured the 58-year-old .
unk may be called naive , this form of transparency was the complete opposite of corruption &quot; .
&quot; Black Lives Matter &quot; : Injured and a Dead
unk Protests against police violence in the United States have eseriorated again by Donald Trump ’ s use of federal police officers in several cities .
On Saturday , there were clashes between demonstrators and police officers in various cities .
In Louisville , three people were injured and 16 people were arrested .
In Austin unk person killed by shots while a demonstration march crossed just unk intersection .
Previously , Portland was once again unk to clashes during protests against unk and police violence , Portland was once again to clashes during protests against radio and police violence .
The security forces , including officials from the federal police , set tear gas during the night and forcibly drove demonstrators .
Hundreds , partly armed protesters were unk through Louisville in Kentucky and demanded that those responsible for the death of Breonna Taylor be pulled to unk .
The 26-year-old student had been unk in her apartment in Louisville in March .
The goal of the raid was someone else who did not live there at all , and there didn &apos;t find any drugs .
When on Saturday a unk of a unk , which calls itself a unk alliance of black Americans , a shot of unk , three were injured .
According to NBC , they were taken to the hospital .
of them was in mortal danger .
The police set up barricades because a white militia forms unk .
In the end , the two groups did not come to unk .
In Texas radio , a person was shot and died in the course of a &quot; Black Lives Matter unk demonstration .
The police took a suspect into custody .
She has not yet made any further information about the circumstances of the crime .
Mayor Steve Adler said , according to the &quot; New York Times &quot; , Mayor Steve Adler said that he was , like many unk of the city , he was &quot; inconsolable and stunned &quot; to the unk what happened .
unk in the American metropolis of Seattle , protesters engaged in clashes with the police on Saturday .
She unk in front of a youth prison unk in unk , the police put grenades and pepper spray unk .
According to the &quot; Seattle Times &quot; , 16 people were arrested for resistance to unk or bodily harm .
of the city of Oakland in California , a unk was set on fire .
unk small group unk Demonstrators had smashed windows unk fireworks and police officers with unk blinded unk shared the police of unk on late Saturday evening ( local time ) unk .
The fire was quickly extinguished .
In Aurora , a suburb of Denver in unk , unk car demonstrated by a crowd , unk on a highway .
According to the police , one of the demonstrators fired a gun and at least one person was taken to the hospital injured .
In addition , windows were also broken in a court and fire was set , the police unk .
Investigations became hot .
Rakoczy in Bad Kissingen : Historical costumes defy Corona
Although the big break in the spa town was missing , visitors and performers enjoyed the unk alternative program .
It was unusual for visitors unk performers and organizers : The Rakoczy weekend without unk .
But : Even if the big party mile in the city center was missing , the crowds and program highlights such as Saale burns , unk or procession , many got their money with the Corona-compliant alternative program unk .
&quot; I unk , we succeeded in spreading unk , &quot; says spa director Sylvie Thormann .
The guests would have accepted it well .
unk return to the beginnings of the Rakoczy Festival , unk alone the historical were in focus unk Festes standen unk
Pleasant atmosphere
Vesna Konhäuser has been visiting with her husband for more than 25 years , Vesna Konhäuser have always visited unk Rakoczy festival Bad unk with her husband for more than 25 years .
So also unk in the Corona year .
The couple have made themselves comfortable at the Luitpold Casino , observes the historical facts while strolling and listens to the Cuban live music at the casino restaurant .
&quot; I find it so pleasant &quot; , unk Konhäuser unk
She misses the crowds who otherwise belong to Rakoczy
For this , however , she lacks the usual program highlights , especially Saale burns the historic procession and the final fireworks on Sunday evening on Friday evening .
&quot; That &apos;s a pity .
The weather would have been right this year , &quot; she says .
Rakoczy equestrian tournament to take place again
For the actors unk historischen unk , the alternative program meant more work .
For example , for unk , which participates in the procession in a normal year and can be seen there on the carriage of the Kurgartencafé .
This year she was on the road on Saturdays and Sundays in costume on foot in the unk on Saturdays and Sundays .
&quot; The unk more strenuous , unk we have it easier , &quot; says unk .
The equestrian club had less unk even if individual riders were on the road in the park .
&quot; We very much hope that the equestrian quadrille will take place again next year , &quot; says Chairman Ulrike Waldhofen .
She announced that after several years of hiatus in 2021 , a Rakoczy equestrian tournament will take place again .
28 Corona cases for Spanish second division club Fuenlabrada
The Spanish football second division club CF Fuenlabrada is sliding deeper into the crisis due to a corona outbreak .
Since the newcomer from the unk of Madrid , despite the first cases of corona on 20 July for a match in the city of A Coruña on 20 July , despite the first Corona cases on 20 July , a low follows the unk .
By Sunday , 28 players or team members had been tested positive , one came to the hospital , as the club announced .
Fuenlabrada from the city of the same name unk of Madrid has so far had the chance to reach unk ascent playoffs
He is relegated to the unk B group of the Second League .
The match against Deportivo La Coruña last Monday was cancelled at the last moment , the prosecutor &apos;s office is investigating a possible criminal offence , the supreme sports authority CSD is considering the forced relegation of the club unk
The players and other team members are quarantined .
&quot; Until the sixth day of quarantine they do not have a fresh towel and unk gel unk &quot; unk wrote the sports newspaper &quot; AS &quot; unk
On photos you can see how unk underwear and club clothes in their rooms unk Hotel zum dry would have unk after they apparently had to wash them themselves .
The bed linen had not been changed for five days .
unk Another problem is food .
Neither is it be unk nor sufficient , wrote &quot; AS &quot; .
The club apartment , on the other hand , shared that they were satisfied with the hotel .
The accusation of having deliberately endangering public health was rejected by the club &apos;s lawyer , Javier Tebas Llanas , rejected the accusation of having deliberendangering public health .
The son of the president of the Spanish Primera Division unk Javier Tebas , as reported by the news agency Europa Press and the sports newspaper &quot; Marca &quot; .
Before the departure , there were four infected people until 19 July , but they were all isolated and did not travel .
Immediately before the flight on Monday to A Coruña , unk players and team members were tested again .
When the team was already in A unk , the Corona test was positive for &quot; five or six &quot; other team members .
The game was cancelled unk minutes before the kick-off , said unk Llanas .
Police have to catch horses pulled out at unk
Two animals were on the road unk
The unk led them back to their owner .
On Sunday morning , shortly before 6 o &apos;clock , a road user divided two free-running horses on the feeder between the confluence unk / Steinsfeld and the motorway junction unk .
At the arrival of the officials , the horses already unk again between the feeder and the village of Dampfach .
After a short unk steam compartment could become the trust of the horses , they had a unk patrol car with carried rope
Professional cyclist Tony Martin : Career sequel imaginable
Time trial specialist Tony unk thinks about a continuation of his unk .
Frankfurt / Main - The seven-time time-trial world champion Tony unk certainly imagine continuing his cycling career .
&quot; Together with the team , I am working with the team the framework conditions unk , how and in what form it could continue , &quot; said the 35-year-old &quot; Frankfurter Allgemeine Sonntagszeitung &quot; unk
unk is currently unk Dutch team Jumbo-Visma unk and had moved before the Corona break to end his career after this year before the corona break .
In unk negotiations with his team it is also unk number of race days unk he said .
Or other problems that would plague him unk family father , Martin said .
He used to get up after a unk fall , and the first thought was : &quot; Quickly back on unk .
Today think unk as the father of a little daughter : What if &quot; .
The professional cyclist admitted that there were unk aspects with which he is increasingly difficult .
&quot; But it did me to realize from the Corona time what I have unk cycling and I enjoy it a lot of the Corona time . &quot;
The time trial specialist returns to the competition at the Tour de l &apos;Ain ( 5 to 9 August ) .
Bavaria : unk four unk on Bavaria &apos;s streets at unk
unk beautiful weather attracts bikers on unk roads in many places .
For at least three people , the tour ends fatally by motorcycle .
An 18-year-old pedestrian also dies .
unk - With unk on Bavaria &apos;s streets , several , mostly young people , have died .
A unk year old motorcyclist was seized by a car on Saturday near Schönthal ( district of Cham ) by a car that came to the counter lane .
It was initially unclear why unk cars got on the unk was unclear at first .
In Upper Bavaria , a 22-year-old collided with a horse-drawn carriage on his machine on Saturday .
According to the police , he was downhill at Beilngries
In the left turn he colunced against the unk .
His injuries were so severe as he died of unk .
Of unk twelve inmates to carriage , a man severely injured a man , according to the police .
In another fatal accident unk in the Upper Palatine Bad Kötzting unk 18-year-old .
He had laid down for unk on the road at night and was overrun by a 42-year-old driver .
According to the police , the 18-year-old wanted to sleep .
The driver could no longer brake in time .
At Schönberg ( district of Freyung-Grafenau ) , a 57-year-old biker collided frontally against a car in a right turn on Saturday .
He died at the scene of the accident .
unk 57-year-old driver suffered a shock , the unk three people in the car remained unharmed
The safety of motorcyclists was maintained on Saturday by Bavaria &apos;s Minister of Transport Kerstin Schreyer ( CSU )
In a letter to the organizer of the biker protests against driving bans , Gabor Kovacs , the Minister referred to extensive investments such as underride protection on guardrails and the defusing of dangerous curves .
&quot; We have achieved a lot for the safety of motorcyclists in recent years , &quot; said unk in the letter .
&quot; The number of unk two-wheeler riders killed decreased by around 28 unk compared to unk 2011 . &quot;
Kovac tests with unk against Frankfurt
Frankfurt / Main ( unk ) - For football coach Niko Kovac , his new unk AS Monaco will soon be a reunion with Eintracht Frankfurt .
The eight-time French champion will perform on 1 August ( 6 p.m. ) at the Hesse , the former unk of the Croat .
For the Bundesliga club , it is the first and only endurance test before the unk in the Europa League against unk ( 6 August ) .
Because of the Coronavirus pandemic , the encounter is held without spectators .
unk We are especially looking forward to this game .
It is always nice to come to Frankfurt and meet friends , &quot; explained Kovac .
Sporty , this is an interesting test , said the unk .
Before his unk to FC Bayern Munich unk Kovac the Hessians from unk until 2018 trains unk led to victory in the DFB-Pokal .
&quot; A top-class opponent like Monaco unk a good test for unk in terms of the game unk Basel .
Like unk Frankfurter I look forward to seeing Frankfurt with Niko Kovac &quot; unk said Eintracht coach Adi Hütter .
The 50-year-old Austrian had succeeded the unk at unk Eintracht .
In March , the Frankfurt lost the round of 16 first leg against Basel in their own stadium with 0 : 3 unk
unk New infections : Landkreis Hof knapp am Lockdown unk
In the district of Hof , the number of unk known corona new infections has increased further on the weekend : from 39 unk Friday and 43 unk Saturday ( one person is recovered and falls unk more into these statistics ) on unk on Sunday .
In addition , there is a case of the city of Hof .
Thus , the unk Hof is approaching the critical mark of 50 new infections per 100,000 unk in unk week .
700 unk by monsoon rain in unk
Despite the severe floods in Southeast Asia , more than millions of people , especially in Bangladesh , India and Nepal .
Because of the unk monsoon rain , a total of 700 people were killed .
In Bangladesh , the Red Crescent tries to reach isolated people in boats .
Entire villages are under water .
The farmers have lost their own .
Tank rhinoceroses unk National Park die from landslides
In Kaziranga National Park , several of the 120 tank rhinoceros died from landslides .
It is protected and considered to be endangered with extinction .
This year , the floods are particularly serious , due to climate change .
According to the United Nations , unk is one of the most affected countries most hit by global warming .
New apartments are empty
In the village of Cox &apos;s Bazar in the south of unk , the state has built apartments for unk displaced by the floods .
Only a few have moved in .
It is difficult to bring the unk to Cox &apos;s unk .
It is also the unk in Grenezn .
unk formerly unk house had unk it was also unk so small and resembled a hut , often does not want to unk his life in unk big unk .
Many apartments are empty , but - the government wants it - they are soon to be occupied from unk , the unk house lost due to their flooding .
60 Corona new infections on only one unk in Vienna
In a 24-hour comparison , 60 new corona new infections were reported in Vienna - there were 22 new infections in Lower Austria .
The Landessanitätsdirektion Wien and the medical crisis unit of the city unk inform unk about the current case numbers and further unk on the COVID-19 virus : as of Sunday , 26 July 2020 , 8 : 00 a.m. , 4,840 ( + 60 ) unk tests are confirmed in Vienna
The number of deaths associated with the virus is unk 204 .
unk ( + 48 ) people unk recovered .
22 new coronavirus infections in Lower Austria
The number of coronavirus infections in unk rose by 22 on Sunday to 3,288 on Sunday .
A patient is unk information of the ambulance staff .
This increases the number of people recovered to unk .
There were currently 247 patients in the federal state .
147,253 tests were carried out .
105 people died in connection with lung disease .
Argentina rejects counter offer to creditors
The new unk could not be met unk , shared unk Ministry of Economy in Buenos Aires on Saturday unk .
&quot; The unk not only irresponsible , but also unjust unk , it was said in a statement .
&quot; While 50 percent of children in Argentina live in poverty , we cannot have the short-term profits of our unk . &quot;
The debt of the second largest economy unk South America is no longer unk on the current conditions .
That is why Argentina is calling on its private creditors to forego some of its claims of around $ 66 billion ( around 59 billion euros ) .
If there is no agreement , unk Land threatens the state bankruptcy .
It would be the ninth default in unk Argentine unk .
unk , the lenders had higher interest rates on the government bonds and unk on some contractual clauses .
However , the Argentine government , however , is committed to its own offer and is not prepared to make any further concessions .
Argentina is a heavy financial and unk
unk inflation rate was recently more than 50 percent .
For the current year , experts expect economic strength to decline by around ten percent .
At the end , Argentina had not paid interest receivables of $ 503 million and had thus slipped into a limited default .
Professionally arrived unk still unk privately
&quot; It &apos;s going super well &quot; - this conclusion is drawn by Dr. unk Kramer after her first days in radio in Eggenfelden .
In the middle of May , Dr. Stefanie Kramer learned that she will take up the radio of Lutz Feller at the Eggenfelden notarial office .
unk six weeks later , unk July , unk lawyer the work on , the normal day-to-day business has long been running at full speed .
&quot; Privately , however , I still have to arrive privately , she explains in conversation with the Rottaler Anzeiger and laughs .
unk short lead time was of course not enough to move the unk from unk completely to Eggenfelden , reports the native Dingolfingerin unk
Currently , her husband , who works as a judge at the district court , in search of a suitable apartment or unk house in the city .
At least her husband was able to apply for parental leave at short notice in order to ensure the care of the two daughters ( 3 ½ and unk ½ years old ) .
not to have to commute every day from Regensburg , she also has an overnight stay for her parents in Dingolfing , explains the 39-year-old .
Growing up in the neighboring region , the city of Eggenfelden has long been known to her .
During visits on site with her family in recent months , she again discovered : &quot; Eggenfelden is a beautiful small town &quot; .
She was all the more pleased that she was the more pleased that she had made the race for the free sex of the race .
Her home country of Lower Bavaria also plays a central role in Dr. Stefanie Kramer &apos;s professional career , her home country in Lower Bavaria also plays a central role : After studying law in Passau , she completed her legal traineeship period and the second state examination in Regensburg .
After his positions as a notary assessor , among others in Rehau and Hof in Upper Franconia , Babenhausen in the Unterallgäu and Regensburg - during this time she will also pursue her doctorate in labour law , she took her first job as a notary in Rotthalmünster in the district of unk .
In 2016 , she went on parental leave , followed by the move to Regensburg .
Since then she has provided representative services in various notarial offices .
When unk Stelle in Eggenfelden was advertised because of the approaching retirement of Lutz Feller , she had seen the right time for full career , explains the 39-year-old .
The team of their predecessor , who will take over the unk in the notarial office in the future , has completely taken over Dr. Stefanie Kramer unk and has a unk for the unk of the law firm parat unk &quot; unk runs super well ! &quot;
The fact that she can rely on well-rehearsed processes unk makes it easier for her to take care of the upcoming relocation of unk .
In terms of kindergarten or crib places , she has already contacted a local institution .
And if everything works as desired , he hopes to be able to drink your hobby here soon - and to get to know the most beautiful jogging routes of the Rottal .
BVB plans for the league start with a maximum of 15,000 spectators
Dortmund The biggest German unk in Dortmund will not even be filled by 20 percent at the start of the season in the event of a fan return .
&quot; Due to the unk , which must be observed , we are planning with 12,000 to 15,000 spectators , &quot; said Borussia Dortmund &apos;s managing director Carsten Cramer to the &quot; Tagesspiegel &quot; .
Usually unk Arena unk of the district town at Bundesliga matches a little more unk 81,000 unk at Bundesliga matches .
In last season ’ s ghost games caused by the Corona pandemic , the BVB was lost per game of unk Euro per game .
The Cramer , who is responsible for the BVB for Marketing , Radio and Internationalization , hopes that , in addition to the normal spectator seats , some of the approximately 4,000 seats unk hospitality area can be opened again : &quot; It is , of course , a blow to the office if these revenues break away &quot; .
In view of the ongoing Corona crisis , everyone is currently &quot; well advised , first a stable side long unk &quot; .
&quot; If many companies are not doing well , 6.8 million people are in unk in Germany alone , then the need for entertainment is limited , &quot; unk .
The Dortmund marketing boss praised the unk for their salary partial renunciation , the unk overcoming of the crisis unk : &quot; Of course , the players know that unk salary waiver has a different effect , unk if we put 100 people who work in merchandising , on unk &quot; unk
unk Miracle : Early start to life with a few hundred grams
Hardly heavier than a Packerl butter , just three tablespoons of blood unk his entire body : that was Gabriel , when he was born , he weighed exactly 273 grams .
The boy is unk of about 400 premature babies , which are cared for annually at the unk Children &apos;s Clinic
A quarter of them weigh less than 1,500 grams , a few - like Gabriel and his brothers Raphael and Michael - are extreme weights with less even one kilogram of birth weight .
They are small and born so early that neither the lungs , nor intestines , nor muscles are fully developed .
Their skin is sometimes so delicate that they could hurt the electrodes unk ECG .
And they are so tiny that they sometimes wear doll &apos;s clothes and especially unk they made unk .
But not so unk that they were not with voice - &quot; and how , &quot; smiles Berndt Urlesberger .
&quot; unk if of course they don &apos;t scream as unk as big unk &quot; .
When the whiteboard becomes a stage
Despite Corona unk in the classroom : The whiteboard as a stage was experienced shortly before the start of the holiday , the 9th classes of the St. James Gymnasium in unk shortly before the start of the holiday .
Actress Julia unk from the theater of the city of Aalen unk den unk und Schülern die unk &quot; Das Heimatkleid &quot; - by video .
Afterwards , unk students were able to use Skype with the actress unk the director Winfried Tobias via unk play and the performance unk .
The idea was born for the performance format from the current Corona situation .
Teacher Teresa Nar was happy to enrich the lessons .
In the end , all parties involved also agreed that the direct encounter in the theatre and stage space would offer additional stimuli , and unk also sees the potential for contact with the schools .
&quot; If we continue to continue the technical framework , this could be an interesting addition to the game operation , &quot; says director Winfried Tobias .
First round drawn : The TSV unk in radio at Eintracht Frankfurt
If the unk 1860 unk qualify for the DFB-Pokal , the lions meet Eintracht Frankfurt in the first round .
This resulted in the unk on Sunday .
Munich - Sixty possible opponents in the first round unk DFB-Pokals is announced .
The lions would meet Eintracht Frankfurt with a successful qualification .
This is the draw on Sunday evening unk der unk .
unk because of the unk field of participants unk is complete , were used in the draw unk .
Due to the voluntary renunciation of semi-final opponent FC Memmingen , TSV 1860 unk is in unk of the Bavarian Tto Cup ( 4 or 5 September ) .
There unk Löwen entweder auf die Würzburger Kickers unk Aschaffenburg .
Should Zweitliga-Aufsteiger Würzburg had the final , Sechzig unk fix would be qualified for the first round of the DFB-Pokal .
Otherwise , the unk would have to prevail in the final against Regionalligist unk .
The first round of the DFB-Pokal will take place between 11 and 14 September and unk one week before the third division start .
&quot; Vom Winde unk &quot; : Film legend unk de Havilland is dead
The film legend and Oscar winner Olivia de Havilland unk tot &quot; .
She died a natural death on Sunday in Paris at the age of 104 , her spokeswoman of the German Press Agency .
De Havilland was known for her unk as Melanie Hamilton in the southern epic &quot; Vom Winde verweht &quot; ( 1939 ) .
Born in Tokyo to British parents , Olivia de Havilland unk Kleinkind moved to California .
The Austrian playwright Max Reinhardt discovered the 19-year-old in the role of Hermia of Shakespeare &apos;s &quot; unk &quot; .
The film studio Warner Brothers signed her for seven years and brought her unk to the side of unk Flynn .
unk her with the heartbreaker .
In 1946 she won her first Oscar in the lead role of &quot; To Each unk Own &quot; .
The film was shown in Germany under the unk &quot; Mutterherz &quot; .
Three years later came the unk best actress unk William Wyler &apos;s &quot; unk Heiress &quot; ( The heiress ) unk
She also received much recognition as a neurotic eccentric in &quot; Der dunkle Spiegel &quot; and &quot; Die Schlangengrube &quot; .
Daphne du unk she starred in 1952 for unk leading role in unk film adaptation of her novel &quot; Meine Cousine unk vor .
The piece is a worldwide success unk
With her longtime girlfriend Bette Davis she played in &quot; Lullaby for a Corpse &quot; .
They married the writer Marcus Goodrich ( 1946 – 1953 ) .
In unk , de Havilland married the journalist Pierre Paul Galante and had the daughter Gisèle unk .
This marriage also broke up
However , rumors of an affair with the former British Prime Minister unk Heath unk , however , have never been confirmed .
&quot; Road to Timmendorf &quot; : Beach volleyball : Thole / Wickler miss final at comeback
The unk Julius Thole and Clemens unk &quot; Road to Timmendorf &quot; missed the final .
In the unk of the top teams in Düsseldorf , they lost in the semifinals to their national team colleague Nils Ehlers and Lars Flüggen 1 : 2 ( 17 : unk , unk : 17 , 19 : unk ) .
Most recently , Thole / unk played in unk in September of last year at the World Tour Final in September of last year .
In the final on the Rhine , their conquerors Ehlers / Flüggen scored a defeat against the surprise team Lukas Pfretschner and his interim partner Steven van de Velde unk 0 : unk ( 17 : 21 , 17 : unk ) .
In addition to the unk , unk starting places for the German championships were played at the beginning of September in Timmendorfer Strand : the tickets were secured by Dollinger / Simon Kulzer , Manuel Harms / Richard Peemüller and Simon Pfretschner / Milan Sievers .
Kalbitz ejection from AfD confirmed - FDP speaks of &quot; fig leaf &quot;
The exclusion of Andreas Kalbitz from unk is a &quot; fig leaf &quot; from the point of view of the FDP unk and does not change the character of the unk .
&quot; The AfD is the parliamentary arm of unk in Germany .
Andreas Kalbitz is only the tip of the iceberg of radicals in the AfD , &quot; said FDP interior politician Benjamin Strasser of the news agency dpa in Berlin .
On Saturday in Stuttgart after several hours of trial , the Federal Court of Arbitration of the AfD had confirmed the exclusion of Kalbitz on Saturday in Stuttgart after several hours of trial , the Federal Arbitration Court of AfD confirmed the expulsion of Kalbitz , which the unk decided in May .
Kalbitz is chairman of the AfD parliamentary group in the Brandenburg Landtag .
unk If the AfD really wanted to consistently remove right-wing extremists from its party , functionaries such as unk Höcke unk would have long since been excluded , &quot; unk Strasser .
&quot; However , there is no political will in the AfD , because right-wing extremism now belongs to the party .
unk said unk CSU General Secretary Markus Blume : &quot; The fact that Andreas Kalbitz is now excluded says nothing and does not change anything , &quot; he said the &quot; unk am Sonntag unk .
&quot; Rather , it is rather unk how many frenetic supporters a right-wing extremist still has in the middle of the AfD still has . &quot;
Blume geht unk , which will end up below five percent in elections in the future .
&quot; The days of unk to the parliaments are numbered &quot; .
Kalbitz was one of the spokesmen of the unk wing &quot; for the unk AfD state and group chairman Björn Höcke ; the unk classifies the unk &quot; secured right-wing extremist aspiration &quot; .
unk Mai , the AfD federal board had threw Kalbitz out of unk party .
Kalbitz did not state in his party entry , Kalbitz did not indicated an earlier membership in the now banned far-right &quot; Heimattreuen Deutsche Jugend &quot; ( HDJ ) and with unk Republicans when he joined the party .
Kalbitz denies membership in the HDJ .
The chairman of the left-wing group in the Brandenburg Landtag , Sebastian Walter , also stressed that the decision of the Federal Court of Arbitration did not affect the character of the AfD : &quot; The wolf has only eaten chalk .
The AfD remains a far-right party unk ob mit unk ohne Kalbitz unk .
Neither with this decision weakened the federal party nor the right wing .
unk The manoeuvre of the Meuthen troupe is transparent .
unk wants to escape further observation by the Office of the Protection of the Constitution and unk to get through under the radar , &quot; said unk .
&quot; The AfD will not get rid of the spirits it called .
A expulsion does not change anything yet , &quot; commented the Brandenburg SPD Secretary-General Erik Stohn , commenting on the decision unk Kalbitz .
&quot; Here the AfD regional association and the parliamentary group still held their right-wing leader to this day &quot; .
The legal dispute over Kalbitz &apos;s membership in the AfD will continue .
He announced on Saturday that unk would now take action against the unk of the Federal Arbitration Court
North Sea wind farms deliver a good 21 percent more electricity
In the first nine months of the year , the wind power plants on the German North Sea fed 11.51 terawatt hours of electricity into the grid .
This is a good 21 percent more than in the same period of the previous year &apos;s network operator Tennet in Bayreuth .
Tennet is responsible for the transfer of the North Sea current to the mainland and the forwarding through the German unk .
The wind turbines on the Baltic Sea , which are not part of the unk of Tennet , have fed a further 2.22 terawatt hours of unk TWh ) of electricity .
In total , the wind power from the North Baltic Sea thus comes to 13.73 TWh , compared to unk 11.64 unk in the first unk 2019 .
The wind harvest at sea thus accounts for almost 19 percent of the total wind power in Germany , which is about unk percentage points more than a year ago .
New unk ensure higher unk
In addition to the wind conditions , the increased contribution of offshore wind energy results from higher generation capacities in addition to the wind conditions , as new wind farms have been connected to the grid over the past twelve months .
If unk 1270 wind power plants in the North Sea were all run at full force at the same time , they could calculate 6.7 gigawatts of electricity .
unk transmission capacity is sufficient for this ; according to the Tennet , it is 7.1 gigawatts .
By 2030 , it is expected to rise to 17 gigawatts in the German North Sea .
&quot; In Germany and in unk , we have been investing 20 billion euros in the expansion of its offshore grid connections , &quot; said Tennet Managing Director Tim Meyerjürgens .
In reality , wind farms at sea cannot exploit their capacity at sea , but about 40 percent .
The hot record day this year is January 2 , when the North Sea wind farms generated more than unk gigawatts of electricity .
unk the North Sea wind turbines have about 2.5 to unk gigawatts of electricity , which corresponds to three to four nuclear power plants .
This could supply almost seven million households with electricity .
Kunst unk Skirmish &quot; - an exhibition by the Leipzig artist Christian Bold at the Galerie unk Gmünder Kunstvereins .
This was almost a hot anniversary celebration for the 130 .
Birthday of the Gmünder Kunstverein : The exhibition opening &quot; Skirmish &quot; with works by the Leipzig artist Christian Bold blew up the usual frame for the Corona break .
more art lovers than usual pursued the dialogue between unk artists and the unk of the Kunstverein , Professor Dr. Klaus Ripper .
The musical equivalent was provided by the band &quot; Defenders of the Universe &quot; on the southern Kornhausplatz .
&quot; Nördlich unk Galerie engagierte unk der Verein unk Sandtogether &quot; .
Freital : Windbergfest cancelled due to Corona
The Windbergfest takes place this year unk .
The city of Freital has cancelled the three-day festival planned in September .
In other years , more than 30,000 people had a city festival .
&quot; We truly did not make this decision easy and - in unk , how difficult it is economically unk the parties involved - hoped until the last minute , declared Lord Mayor Uwe Rumberg ( non-partisan ) .
&quot; But here the organisers , we are responsible for the health of many thousands of people . &quot;
if tens of thousands had flowed on the fixed areas and into the unk , minimum distances , hygiene regulations and contact tracking could not have been complied with in accordance with the current corona protection regulation could not have been complied with .
Or the restrictions would have been so strong that there was not much left of unk Volksfest .
In addition , the radio and surveillance effort would increase disproportionately increase many times over .
unk on next year .
Then the city of Freital unk celebrates its 100th anniversary , among other things , with the unk from 7th to 9th unk and the day unk Sachsen from 10 to 12 September 2021 .
Dressage Olympic champion Werth in Achleiten not to be beat
Achleiten unk The six-time Olympic champion Isabell Werth was the outstanding rider at the dressage tournament in the Austrian unk
The 51-year-old unk Rheinberg won four victories on the weekend at four starts .
After she had a Grand Prix unk at the start with Weihegold and unk , she will not beat on Sunday in the Grand Prix Special and in the freestyle .
On the unk mare Weihegold , Werth prevailed against the unk Max-Theurer on Abegglen .
Also in the freestyle unk the German unk Saturday on unk in front of her 34-year-old student Victoria Max-Theurer .
Werth &apos;s winning horse Quantaz belongs to Max-Theurer .
The most successful dressage rider in the world will establish the ten-year-old stallion in the Grand Prix .
For Quantaz it was the unk at all .
Already at the first tournament in Achleiten three weeks ago unk Werth won all the important four competitions
The last of the unk international unk planned there for 14 to 16 August .
More air traffic controllers in Worms in the future
The Worms University of Applied Sciences unk in the air : The &quot; DFS unk Flugsicherung &quot; is a professorship for &quot; Air Traffic Management &quot; .
A corresponding contract between the university and the DFS has now been signed in Worms .
The contract was initially concluded for three years and unk 2021 .
With the professorship , it is possible to enable the start of studies not only in the summer , but also in the winter semester .
This means that twice as many students can become unk as before .
At the same time , the capacities unk in the unk as well as the unk of the DFS are evenly utilized .
DFS will advise the university on the establishment and appointment of the professorship .
Represented at the university since 2019
Since the summer semester 2019 , the first students have been part of their training as air traffic controllers at the unk Worms in the Air unk course .
unk this year unk neun students .
So far , unk experiences unk DFS are very positive , the achievements unk students unk are excellent .
The combination of unk pilot training helps to further increase the attractiveness of the pilot profession .
unk In these times , the promotion is not fall to us economically .
However , we firmly expect air traffic to recover and grow again in the long term .
In order to be able to fulfil our legal order in the future , we need highly qualified personnel , &quot; says Professor Klaus-Dieter Scheurle unk Managing Director of DFS at the signing of the contract .
&quot; For DFS , unk is a future-proof investment that will provide air traffic controllers with a broad , interdisciplinary knowledge base in the long term .
We therefore continue our good cooperation with unk Hochschule and at the same time underpin our attractiveness as an employer . &quot;
This is also underlined by Professor Dr. Jens Hermsdorf unk President of Worms University of Applied Sciences : unk The endowed professorship forms an important bridge between science and industry .
With it , unk an unk already existing cooperation with DFS Deutsche Flugsicherung as a practical partner to establish the dual bachelor &apos;s degree programme unk Traffic unk
For Worms University of Applied Sciences , the trust of German Air Traffic Control is both a motivation and commitment for Worms University of Applied Sciences is both motivation and an obligation at the same time to further expand its teaching and research competence in the future fields of aviation .
In work for the air traffic controllers of tomorrow , the university can set very special highlights and innovative priorities for unk students with the first endowed professorship for a dual course of study to set very special highlights and innovative priorities for unk students with the first endowed professorship for a dual course of study .
unk Denis Alt , State Secretary at the Ministry of Science , Continuing Education and Culture , emphasises : &quot; Worms University of Applied Sciences has a unk in Rhineland-Palatinate .
Today &apos;s signing of the cooperation agreement strengthens the profile of the university . &quot;
Rescue helwdriver unk on the A 45
About 30 minutes the motorway A 45 unk Saturday afternoon in the direction of Aschaffenburg , as after a unk the rescue helicopter was in radio .
A 76-year-old drove straight with a Ford at around 12.40 p.m. in the Alzenau-Mitte exit and landed at the guardrail .
the impact of the frontairbags , which become minor injuries to the face and unk for treatment in a hospital unk .
The injuries of the 72-year-old passenger were cared for by the emergency doctor and unk patient was flown to a hospital with the rescue helicopter to a hospital .
At present , however , the police assume that there is no danger to death .
The damaged unk , on which unk of about 2000 euros was created , had to be towed away
Heil wants to test other industries after the meat industry
The Corona crisis brought the conditions in parts of the unk .
Legislative tightening are imminent .
But are they rightly - and unk ?
Federal Labour Minister Hubertus Heil ( SPD ) wants to unk other unk according with the now planned strict regulations against grievances in the meat industry .
&quot; We will take the industry for unk and then suitable measures for the respective industry if it is necessary , &quot; said Heil of the German Press Agency in Berlin .
Germany &apos;s employers already warn against restricting contracts for work in general .
After the mass Corona outbreak at the unk Tönnies in North Rhine-Westphalia , the Federal Cabinet wants to pass a law of unk salvation this Wednesday .
Large slaughterhouses should no longer be allowed to use external personnel for slaughter their dismantling and meat processing .
For this purpose , the use of plant contracts and temporary workers is to be banned there .
Employer president Ingo Kramer told the dpa : &quot; Finger weg unk a general restriction of contracts of work and temporary employment unk if unk does not want to strangle unk economy completely &quot; .
Work contracts , for example , for unk areas of craftsmanship , unk and unk , for example , are the basis for their unk customers .
&quot; The misdeeds of individuals do not destroy such an important instrument &quot; .
Heil assured : &quot; My goal is to ban contracts for work everywhere in the unk economy . &quot;
Work contracts unk sensible .
&quot; When an industrial enterprise instructs a craftsman to install a unk , it is a very unk work contract . &quot;
The German meat industry considers a ban on work contracts and unk in its unk to be unconstitutional .
It is not explainable why different labour law should be considered sausage when drinking and packaging unk cheese should in the future different labour law should be considered unk sausage in the future , according to a statement on the legislative project , such as the &quot; Neue Osnabrücker unk &quot; ( Saturday ) unk .
In the event of a ban , the consumer price would rise by 10 to 20 percent unk kilos and product .
Many Eastern European employees from unk worked in the unk industry for 16 hours a day according to the results of a unk of the NRW-Arbeitsschutzverwaltung partly 16 hours a day .
Often they had a unk break .
Wage was retained for protective equipment or rent .
It was found that the situation with the accommodation of workers was often miserable .
Heil said unk for the meat industry has already entered into force in 2017 a relatively strict law came into force for the meat industry in 2017
However , these were bypassed by &quot; tricky constructions &quot; .
&quot; Now must be fundamentally tidy unk &quot; .
The politician announced : &quot; The Occupational Safety and Health Act , which we want to adopt in the cabinet at the end of July , also includes measures that not only affect the meat industry - for example , higher test quotas for occupational safety or clear criteria for Community accommodation &quot; .
The draft before us before dpa includes amendments to the law on workers &apos; rights in the meat industry and unk .
unk Consumer Protection Minister Ursula Nonnemacher ( Greens ) considers more intensive unk necessary unk
&quot; I would like us to be able to make radio checks in many supervisory areas : food controls , animal welfare and everything possible , such as animal transport unk , said Nonnemacher on Sunday in the RBB programme &quot; Brandenburg aktuell &quot; .
However , more staff positions are also needed for more controls .
Three dead in the crash of ultralight aircraft in Germany
According to the police , three people died in the crash of an ultralight aircraft on an apartment building in Wesel in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia .
One child was slightly injured .
Two unk people were rescued in the misfortune , said unk spokesman unk Wesel .
According to the police , a parachute was found at the scene of the accident , according to the police .
The &quot; Rheinische Post &quot; , citing eyewitnesses unk before the crash , the aircraft collided with a hot air balloon .
The house is a single or two-family house .
At first , more details were unknown at first .
evacuation of Frankfurter Opernplatz peacefully unk
One week after the riots in Frankfurt , the eviction of the opera square at night was peaceful at night .
Most recently , a few dozen people were still on the square , but unk it before the start of the curfew at one o &apos;clock .
The police were deployed in the early evening with numerous officers , and there was a larger police contingent could be seen .
For the first time this weekend from midnight , there was a ban on entering for the Opera Square , where unk came to riots a week ago .
Police had been attacked with bottles out of the crowd of celebrants .
At least five officers were injured and several police vehicles were damaged .
The night of Saturday was also quiet .
Car flips over : Young woman unk accident on Bundesstraße unk Hofgeismar seriously injured
In an accident unk Schöneberg and Hümme , a 21-year-old suffered serious injuries on Sunday at around 1.25 p.m .
She was taken to the Klinikum Kassel .
The fire brigade searched for possible passengers .
According to the police , unk was on the road on Bundesstraße 83 in the direction of her place of residence of Hümme , when her car got unk for an hitherto unexplained cause and flipped over several times .
In order to save the victims , the fire brigade had to cut the roof of the car .
unk it was unclear whether there was still someone in the vehicle , the adjacent corn field was searched from the ladder with a thermal imaging camera .
The unk from Warburg , which also works with thermal imaging cameras , had also been ordered to search for persons .
However , the volunteers did not find anyone between the tall corn plants .
The seriously injured was taken by the ambulance to Kasseler unk for further care with the ambulance .
Almost 50 emergency services are fire brigade Hofgeismar , Hümme and Schöneberg unk on site .
The main highway was closed for two hours due to the accident .
Juventus Turin unk in Italy
unk - After a redeemtive goal by Cristiano Ronaldo , record champion Juventus has won the Italian championship for the unk time in a row .
The team around the five-time world football player made the 36th Scudetto in the club history perfect with a 2 : 0 ( unk 0 ) on unk in unk Sampdoria Genoa .
Ronaldo unk zum 1 : 0 in front of the unk .
With 83 unk , Turin , who competed without the last long-injured former national player Sami Khedira , two matchdays before the end of the Serie A season .
The unk Inter Milan is seven points behind .
Juventus was harmless despite optical superiority in the first half , then Ronaldo met unk of the last action after a free-kick variant .
A triback by Miralem Pjanic was used by unk 35-year-olds from the penalty area limit directly with a flat shot ( 45 . + 7 ) .
Ronaldo was also involved in a 2-0 against the now more offensive guests , Ronaldo was also involved in the 2-0 against the more offensive guests , Federico unk ( 67 . ) dusted off his shot .
This ensured the lackluster , unk success .
The foul meter shot to the bar in the 89th minute may have been announced by Ronaldo himself with a view to the goalscorer classification .
&quot; It is complicated to stay mentally unk physically at ball level for 90 minutes .
The unk are strange , and unk momentum is very easy , &quot; explained coach Maurizio Sarri after the 1 : 2 with Udinese Calcio .
Especially the mental exhaustion of his players is great , said the juve coach .
Because of the defeat , the Turin had not yet been able to have the championship perfectly .
In the end , Juve owe the ultimately reassuring advantage at the top of the standings mainly to the weakness of unk .
In the eleven games before the game on Sunday , the Sitar team managed only five victories .
Whether Ronaldo will be unk is questionable .
While the Portuguese superstar has scored 31 goals so far , the former Dortmund Ciro Immobile has already scored 34 goals on his unk after his three-pack in the 5 : 1 ( 1 : 1 ) of the fourth in the standings Lazio Roma unk Hellas unk - as many as Robert Lewandowski contributed to the title of FC Bayern .
The record in Italy is held by the current juve pro Gonzalo unk .
The Argentine scored 36 goals for SSC Naples in the 2015 – 2016 season .
In August , the next title chance awaits the &quot; unk lady &quot; of Italian unk .
Juventus is in the round of 16 of the Champions unk , but on 7 August against Olympique Lyon but make up for a 1-0 first leg defeat against Olympique Lyon , unk to reach the final tournament in Lisbon .
In the next knockout round , Real Madrid unk Manchester City would wait as an opponent .
Baden-Württemberg : More than 250 radio car races recorded
Stuttgart - Despite all the threatened penalties and court judgments , motorists are already accelerate countless illegal races on the Baden-Württemberg roads : unk vergangenen unk and the first four months of this year , the police in the southwest have already registered more than 250 illegal car races .
Although there are no comparative values for the years unk , but unk speedsters are increasingly doing the unk increasingly work : At the prosecutor &apos;s offices between Constance and Mannheim , a total of 155 investigations were conducted into illegal races , a year later there were already 252 and in the current until the beginning of June already 151 .
The races were less about organized events , as can be seen from the response of the Ministry of the Interior to a request from the Landtag SPD .
In most cases , the drivers spontaneously competed against each other or fled from the police - this is also reported as an illegal race .
German men between the ages of 18 and 60 .
113 fines - unk mal imprisonment
Only in comparatively few cases are the unk caught and also asked to pay : According to the Ministry of the Interior , a total of 113 unk has been imposed and 15 unk pronounced unk
However , there is no evidence that the number of illegal car races is actually increasing .
Rather , other motorists reacted more sensitively than before because of the several radio accidents and processes , other motorists reacted more sensitively than before and indicated more often that unk a ministerial spokesman .
The highway 8 is particularly popular with speedsters . Again and again , motorists slow down traffic there in order to provide extra space and use the free track for a race .
Last August , a dozen riders were caught near unk Kirchheim unter Teck , three months earlier there was unk 18 unk on the A8 near Merklingen .
A81 is the most popular &quot; unk &quot;
On the A81 , the police register even more races than on any other motorway .
A speed limit is used to slow down the speedsters on the particularly affected section between Engen and Geisingen .
The mostly high-priced and pimped sports and luxury cars often have Swiss license plates , because the drivers move to Germany because of the high unk for too fast driving and car racing in the neighboring country .
For the SPD , the speed limit must not reduce a few routes unk &quot; With a general unk of 130 kilometers per hour , we can have this problem on motorways , &quot; says Martin Rivoir , the transport expert at unk .
&quot; The inhibition threshold for speedsters would be significantly higher if you could not legally unk 200 kilometers per hour and more on the road here and there . &quot;
Rivoir unk thindes enlightenment or image campaigns : &quot; in such a way disregards all the rules in such a way and sets not only one &apos;s own lives , but also the lives of other road users , is hardly retainable with reason .
ADAC calls for stronger crackdown unk police
The unk is enough for the ADAC : &quot; We assume that Raser unk will not be deterred from the speed limits , &quot; says unk Bach , Head of Transport and Radio at ADAC Württemberg .
It calls for additional radio even tougher controls on the affected routes .
It is not infrequently , the high-speed showdown becomes unk and momentous seriousness : Since January 2019 and until April 2020 , three people have died nationwide in the races nationwide , of which two uninvolved in a nocturnal crash in Stuttgart &apos;s city center and one in Gerlingen .
In November , two young men are said to have delivered in a car race .
One unk vehicle came off the street , bounced with unk garden wall and remained on the unk the 18-year-old passenger died .
21 more people were injured in the races of the unk two years .
However , stricter punishments are not necessary in the opinion of Interior Minister Thomas Strobl , however , stricter penalties are not necessary : &quot; unk need for action to sanction unk Kraftfahrzeugrennen härter unk sanktionieren , unk nicht gesehen &quot; unk it is called unk Papier unk Ministry of the Interior .
unk from July 23 : Thirsty burglar steals drinks from snack
Rohrdorf : unk Mann broke into unk snack on Thursday in Rohrdorf ( Calw district ) and stole drinks and cash .
A witness heard sounds in the valley street at around 3.40 o &apos;clock and ran towards the snack .
In addition , he noticed a man who used unk drinks on the fridge and then left snack through a previously closed entrance door .
The perpetrator fled towards the unk behind the snack .
The burglar used unk police at a cash register and stole cash in the low three-digit range .
The suspect is described as follows : He is about 1.75 to 1.80 unk in size and of unk stature .
Indeed , he wore a black hoodie , black trousers and bright shoes .
Further witnesses are accepted by the police .
Ackermann sprints unk victory on final stage at Sibiu Tour
Professional cyclist Pascal Ackermann won his second victory of the day at the final stage of the 10th Sibiu Tour .
The 26-year-old Palatinate of Team unk prevailed on unk 109 km long section unk Start and finish in Sibiu in the mass sprint , after he had already won a stage at unk .
unk were the unk three and four for Ackermann .
In the overall standings , his unk teammate Gregor Mühlberger prevailed in the overall standings .
In the morning , the 26-year-old had confidently won the unk in the morning and thus took over the lead in the class .
Only 104 riders were unk in the evening at the final stage in the evening .
No less than 18 starters had fallen victim to the time limit .
&quot; I &apos;m really happy to start the season restart with a unk , Ackermann unk had explained his success on Saturday .
&quot; The sprint was really hectic , &quot; said the 26-year-old .
300 meters from the finish he simply put on his sprint , &quot; and it also worked out perfectly &quot; .
According to the unk World Association unk , a corona test was carried out by all race participants and their companions six days before the start of the race .
During the entire tour , drivers and supervisors in isolated hygiene bubbles were separated from the organizing team as well as from the media .
unk at the start and finish were not allowed .
Control center gave instructions for lay resuscitation
unk - unk Accident unk Sunday noon in Düsseldorf-Garath .
In an apartment building , unk Kind ( 4 ) suddenly lay lifeless in the water while bathing .
According to the fire brigade , the emergency call was received at shortly before 13 o &apos;clock .
&quot; A control center dispatent immediately gave instructions for lay resuscitation , &quot; said a fire brigade spokesman to BILD .
Shortly thereafter , rescuers took over the resuscitation measures a little later .
The child , who was floating in unk , was resuscitation at the Uniklinik unk under resuscitation .
Why it crashed is unclear
The police have routinely started an investigation into the course of the accident .
The fire brigade spokesman : &quot; We are assuming a tragic accident in the apartment &quot; .
Nuremberg : Unauthorized tuning meeting - police intervene , 700 unk around unk people
Hundreds of cars and temporarily over 1000 people took part in a &quot; tuning meeting &quot; in the parking lot of a furniture store .
unk Police implemented their unk to intensify control such events .
A big tuning meeting took place on Saturday evening ( 25 July 2020 ) in Nuremberg &apos;s Südstadt unk
Several hundred vehicles were involved .
According to Middle Franconia , the Nuremberg Transport Police found an increased number of vehicles in the area of a large parking lot in Ingolstädter Straße .
As a result , the police carried out a large number of vehicle inspections there .
Only recently , unk had announced that it would take stronger action against so-called autoposers .
Illegal tuning meeting in Nuremberg : Only a small part of unk &quot; scene &quot;
The officials counted among the top of a good 700 vehicles unk about 1100 people , accounting the unk .
However , only a small part of those present in the &quot; unk &quot; and tuning scene is unk .
Apparently , most of the relevant scene responded with the police &apos;s appeal .
On the basis of the unk location vehicles and persons , it can be assumed that this is mainly about onlookers unk .
In addition , the majority of those present adhered with the applicable infection protection regulations , in particular the risk of the minimum distance and unk wearing of a oral nose protection .
The radio carried out on the site were finished at 1 : 00 a.m .
In total , the officials found such structural changes on 10 vehicles that the operating licence had expired .
Four of these vehicles had to become unk .
unk Car Racing
There were no illegal car races .
&quot; The police headquarters of Middle Franconia will continue to keep an eye on the events and continues to carry out increased control measures , also in connection with the emergence of onlookers , by unk , it was said .
The unk News5 spoke with JÃ1 ⁄ 4rgen Schrödinger from the beteiligten unk &quot; all have beautiful rims , we are not allowed to scratch them , &quot; says Schrödinger .
unk would use special tapes .
Also because the cars are broader , the company must make sure not to make any damage .
&quot; The young unk should finally get their cars back unscathed &quot; .
Numbers unk Employment agency : 900 suspected cases on unk at unk
Berlin - unk according to its own statement , the Federal Employment Agency ( BA ) , according to its own statement , investigates around 900 suspected cases of abuse of short-time worker allowance .
&quot; This is little for more than unk companies that have reported short-time work , unk wenig , &quot; said Daniel Terzenbach , CEO responsible for the operative business , of the unk Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung unk , who is responsible for operational business .
When , at the beginning of the Corona crisis , many companies suddenly applied for short-time work at the beginning of the Corona crisis , the BA had to react quickly .
Usually the exam lasts up to unk weeks .
&quot; unk a lot of time was not available to us unk this hot unk was not available to us .
We will take a closer look at the unk .
There will certainly be a lot .
We are not naive and have a long breath &quot; .
Evidence of unk would often come from the affected unk or trade unions .
In addition , the BA uses unk to detect abuse patterns .
According to Terzenbach , the BA is preparing for a possible unk in autumn .
&quot; Will there be more bankruptcies unk previous year unk
unk assessments diverge but we arm the case of the case and are already training our employees in unk employment agencies for the unk of applications on unk &quot; .
The figures are still unk , said Terzenbach .
World Heritage in Potsdam : unk dissolved in the New Garden
Potsdam - On Friday evening about 40 young people celebrated a unk party in the New Garden .
The collection unk was dissolved at 8.48 p.m. by the district drivers of the Stiftung Preußische Schlösser und Gärten ( SPSG ) , the foundation announced at PNN request .
unk young people would have left unk Park .
On Saturday evening , young people would have played rugby in the New Garden .
The meadow was cleared by unk , said SPSG spokesman Frank unk on Sunday .
Again and again there are illegal celebrations in the parks
In the parks of the foundation unk again and again too unk in which the distance and hygiene rules COVID-19 Handling Ordinance are not complied to .
At the end of June , there was a party with about 300 people in the Babelsberg Park , a week later about 150 people celebrated in the New Garden .
Even without corona arrangement , unk parks are closed at nightfall .
The storage on the meadows is forbidden unk parking regulations , it are only unk exceptions unk
The foundation has been complaining for a long time that visitors would leave more and more garbage and destroy protected biotopes .
In Berlin , meanwhile , illegal park parties have reached a unk dimension .
In the Hasenheide unk district of Neukölln unk in the night of Sunday 5000 unk illegal techno party .
The event was organized by the police .
Austria : Mass tests by unk tourist destination
With hundreds of tests , authorities have responded to a unk in the Upper Austrian tourist resort of St. Wolfgang .
The number of confirmed cases rose to 48 , according to the state authorities in Linz .
More than 100 results unk in the evening .
Accordingly , many of the unk young interns in tourism companies , but at least one holiday guest has tested positive .
Inhabitants , guests and tourism staff were asked to stay in their accommodations on Saturday evenings .
The curfew was set with unk clock .
&quot; unk there and there cancellations and cancellations &quot; of bookings , unk Chef unk Wolfgangsee , unk Wieser , the dpa .
Guests also left prematurely .
St. unk is the most important tourist resort of Upper Austria unk with more than 400,000 drinks last year .
In a unk season , about a third of the guests are Germans .
On Friday , the first infections became public .
The head of unk , Alois unk , defended on Saturday the behavior of the interns , who might have celebrated in several unk and might have become infected there .
&quot; We all liked to do that in our youth , &quot; he told the radio station Ö1 .
However , two bars were closed on Friday to prevent further infections .
The Tourist Board launched an information campaign to raise awareness of the unk of Covid-19 .
From unk then hundreds of unk , holidaymakers and locals tested .
In addition , all guests who were in St. Wolfgang from 15 July were contacted .
The eruption evakens memories of the Austrian ski and party resort Ischgl unk Tirol , which in the initial phase of the pandemic is a centre of corona spread throughout Europe in the early phase of the pandemic .
In total , more than 1,500 people in Austria are currently infected with the virus .
The focus of the new infections is on Vienna and Upper Austria unk
Premier League : Man United and Chelsea for Champions League unk
London ( dpa ) - English football record champion Manchester United returns to the Champions League after a year of absence .
The Red Devils secured third place in the league in the final match of the Premier League , the Red Devils secured third place in the standings with a 2 – 0 ( 0 – 0 ) win against direct competitor Leicester City .
The unk must now settle for the Europa League , because the FC unk was still passing by and qualified for the premier class .
In the fight against the relegation , Aston Villa unk .
Manchester United took the lead by a penalty kick of Bruno Fernandes ( 71st unk ) .
After a unk card for Leicester City in the extra time , Jesse unk ( 90th + 8 ) came to the final .
Chelsea , unk opponent of FC Bayern , won thanks to Mason Mount ( 45th + 1 ) and Olivier Giroud ( 45th + 4 ) in parallel with 2 unk ( 2-0 ) against Wolverhampton Wanderers unk thanks to Mason Mount ( 45 + 1 ) and Olivier Giroud ( 45th + )
unk That means a lot to me , &quot; unk Frank Lampard , who is in the final of the FA Cup final against Arsenal in his first season as Chelsea coach unk in the final of the FA Cup against Arsenal in his first season as Chelsea coach unk .
Tottenham unk also benefited from Chelsea &apos;s victory over Wolverhampton also benefited Tottenham unk , who passed the Wolves with a meager 1 – 1 ( 1-0 ) at Crystal Palace and finished sixth in the Europa League .
Aston Villa won unk with FC unk and unk AFC Bournemouth , but had to tremble at West Ham United for a long time to maintain the class at West Ham United .
The unk leadership of Jack Grealish ( 84th ) immediately compensated Andrey Yarmolenko ( 85th ) .
The 1 : 1 unk 0 – 0 ) was enough because Watford lost 2 – 3 ( 1 – 3 ) at Arsenal .
The unk , which shot three unk in the season , rises after five first division years .
Just like unk , which could not have a 3 : 1 unk 2 : 1 ) at FC Everton could no longer unk .
At the end there is a point .
The unk Liverpool , which has been established as an English unk since the end of June , secured unk with a 3 : 1 ( 1 : 1 ) victory unk Newcastle unk club record .
unk counters are the highest value unk that the unk ever have in a football season .
The points record with English football unk coach Jürgen Klopp and his team is narrowly .
unk holds Manchester City with 100 points unk of the 2017 / 18 season unk
unk of the Newcastle lead in the first minute , Virgil van Dijk ( 38 . ) , Divock Origi ( 59 . ) and Sadio unk ( unk ) played the game on unk for Liverpool .
&quot; For this wonderful unk , it was an extraordinary season , &quot; said goalscorer van Dijk after the game , &quot; that should spire us to defend the title .
It will be difficult . &quot;
Satisfied unk in the end will be the Premier League bosses .
Due to the Coronavirus crisis , the football operations unk England unk was interrupted from 13 March to 17 June .
In the meantime , he even discussed an premature demolition or a host of the rest of the games on neutral ground .
After all , however , the season could be played without special incidents - but as in Germany without spectators in the stadiums .
Arrests and violence in demonstrations against unk
The protests in Israel against Prime Minister Netanyahu are becoming increasingly violent .
of the night there have been violent clashes .
On the night of Sunday , the Israeli police violently took action against participants in a demonstration against the right-wing conservative head of government Binyamin Netanyahu .
Twelve people were arrested for participating in riots , police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld unk .
The police used another water cannons to dissolve the rally .
According to media reports , a total of around 6,000 hours had gathered in the unk of Netanyahu &apos;s official headquarters on Saturday evening .
They protested against unk corruption and Netanyahu &apos;s handling of unk corona crisis .
The protesters beat drums , blew in horns , and called on Netanyahu to resign .
There are also participants of a unk arrested unk , unk Netanyahu supported , reported unk news page &quot; ynet &quot; .
People also demonstrated in many other unk Israel , including in front of the Prime Minister &apos;s private villa in the coastal city of Caesarea and in a park in Tel unk
According to police , a man was arrested near Tel Aviv because he is suspected of spraying pepper spray unk demonstrators sprayed on the roadside sprayed unk .
Another man became unk after a stabbing attack on a demonstrator in the country &apos;s unk after a stabbing attack on a demonstrator .
The unk was slightly injured on the neck .
In Jerusalem and Tel unk there have recently been several demonstrations against unk .
The unk accompany the corruption process against the head of government .
Most recently , Netanyahu has also been criticized for its handling unk corona crisis
Among other things , he is accused with premature loosening and a lack of preparation for a second wave of corona .
The Corona crisis has put heavily to the country ’ s economy .
The unk was more than 20 percent .
The number of unk new infections with unk in Israel recently rose to ever new unk
Accident at Ahlen ( NRW ) - Transporter crashes on car - nine injured unk Ruhrgebiet - Bild.de
Ahlen - A rear-end collision claimed nine slightly injured on Saturday afternoon on the unk near Ahlen on Saturday afternoon .
A driver was on the way to both children ( 3 , 5 ) in the direction of unk .
The police : &quot; Probably unk had suddenly slowed down because unk wanted to turn . &quot;
This must have unk driver of a Mercedes transporter who drove behind her must probably have too late .
He crashed on the car at the back .
At unk Insassen in unk Auto und unk dem Transporter unk injured .
Several unk took her to a nearby hospital .
North Korea secks border town after Corona suspected case
North Korea has so far seen its own measures to ward off the coronavirus a &quot; shous unk &quot;
Now the country is reporting for the first time on a case of suspicion for the first time .
Due to a first official corona suspected in the country , North Korea has completely sealed off a big city for fear of a disaster .
unk the strictest epidemiological defensive measures in the unk six months unk , the unk could have been introduced into the unk , &quot; reported the state media .
The state of emergency has been imposed on the region around the border town unk the state of emergency has been imposed on the region around the border town unk
unk communist leadership proclaimed the highest alarm level .
If the suspicion be confirmed , it would be the first official infection case with Sars-CoV-2 in the closed country .
North Korea , according to its own statements , had not registered a single infection and described its defensive measures as a &quot; unk success &quot; .
The information was doubted abroad .
According to the symptoms of the disease were found by an &quot; outlier &quot; who illegally crossed the military demarcation line between South and North Korea on 19 July .
The person had set away before three unk after unk and now returned the border .
For the crossing of the border within four kilometers wide , which is still mined military buffer zone , it is initially no confirmation from South Korea .
According to reports from the national news agency Yonhap , South Korea &apos;s military admitted the possibility of an illegal border crossing to North Korea .
Investigations on some people
North Korea , according to its own statements , an urgent meeting of the Politburo of the Workers &apos; Party , chaired by Mr Kim Jong unk , is held on Saturday on suspicion .
The &quot; dangerous situation in Kaesong could trigger a unk destructive unk &quot; unk
Kim had already ordered unk Freitag as a preventive measure to &quot; completely block Kaesong and isolate every district and the region from others .
The person concerned , as well as all the people in Kaesong who had unk with him , had become under unk .
The central military commission of the party should therefore investigate unk &quot; unk &quot; as well as the behaviour of the responsible military unit and , if necessary , impose harsh punishment .
According to Kaesong is estimated to have about 300,000 people live in Kaesong .
Tension before Council meeting : City east and noise protection are still under discussion before a big summer break
&quot; In addition to environmental issues , the committee members will also vote on the development plan for the major project Innenstadtentwicklung-Ost &quot; , it is rather casually in the central part of the municipal press release for the next municipal council meeting on Tuesday , 28 July , at 4.30 p.m. in the Great Hall unk CongressCentrums Pforzheim .
However , the upgrading of the eastern city is controversial until the end .
The majorities for this are scarce , most recently in individual committees depending on the presence .
unk aus der Wirtschaft ( unk real estate unk trade and IT ) , the unk developed out of the citizenry and then unk administration and unk developed unk nun nicht nach unk ten years unk scheitern unk lassen unk criticized project opponent Reinhard Klein as a unk extra-parliamentary opposition &quot; , &quot; unsuspecting &quot; , &quot; speculation unk , &quot; densparagement &quot; and &quot; unk &quot; .
&quot; Everyone thinks it is better unk &quot; , unk Klein , unk has been a member of the councillor for a year as a unk representative of the Bürgerliste Pforzheim .
In fact , after reading the treaties , he is in this position : &quot; I know what I &apos;m talking about . &quot;
The unk comes the unk cheaper , the Technical Town Hall unk , contrary to statements of the city administration after grants , the existence of which Klein is convinced to renovate for 8.5 million euros .
The city will develop quite differently than the proponents of the economy .
unk City unk To shape its own strength and not unk investor : This is his plan unk The FDP / FW unk UB / LED parliamentary group , which also rejects the project , presented an alternative concept
It essentially also provides for the renovation of the Technical Town Hall , the open keeping of the Schloßberg unk the rental of ex-valley for administrative areas and a small-scale unk ideally with local authorities .
Environmental issues play a central role
In addition , environmental issues in particular will play a central role .
Among other things , the municipal council will vote on unk .
unk includes various measures to reduce the population of Pforzheim from health noise pollution , caused by road traffic , often temporary reduction .
In a press release , the local transport club Germany welcomes the unk introduction of Tempo 30 . However , the unk responsible in the unk city are not innocent of the fact that this must happen because they have only contributed to the massive increase in car traffic and thus the noise by neglecting the regular bus traffic with thinned cycles and through little commitment to cycling , they have only contributed to the massive increase in car traffic and thus the noise , according to the VCD .
The municipal council also coordines on the participation of the city of the energy and climate protection agency Pforzheim / Enzkreis .
In addition , on the agenda , the accession to the unk of the state of Baden-Württemberg , the redefinition of parental contributions to the urban day-care facilities and the application for admission in the smart city funding of the federal government .
Citizens are welcome , but must take corona protection measures to heart .
Tim Zimmermann starts the new season with a lot of delay
With almost half a unk delay , Tim Zimmermann will start his inaugural season unk ADAC GT Masters on 31 July .
Before the league of supersports cars start regular operation , the first unk were now pending .
For Zimmermann , everything was all about getting to know his Lamborghini Huracan GT3 unk .
For a long time , the Corona crisis has long prevented Tim Zimmermann from embarking his first business trip unk neuen unk Huracan from Grasser Racing .
This was now possible under special hygiene conditions .
unk 23-year-old Langenargener made his first laps on the Lausitzring and was able to get used to his premiere in the GT3 car .
&quot; There are already a few things that are different from the Porsche out of the unk , &quot; says Zimmermann .
&quot; With the ABS , for example , you have to go differently into the curves .
But it really was a lot of fun . &quot;
He also had fun with Steijn Schothorst , with whom he share his orange sports car in the GT Masters unk
The Dutchman , despite his unk 25 years of unk experienced unk GT-Sport unk , the Dutchman was able to help his new teammate in many things .
&quot; I &apos;m not a beginner in motorsport unk , but every new series also brings new challenges , &quot; unk Zimmermann .
unk Steijn and unk understand us together and we have made tremendous progress from session to session at Lausitzring unk &quot; .
Exactly there - at the Lausitzring - the GT Masters will also host its first race .
From 31 July , the 33 supercars will race through Lusatia .
Zimmermann , who has one of 15 series newcomers , knows the unk .
In 2015 , he was a guest at the Motodrom .
&quot; It worked quickly and unk had to get used to the track , &quot; says unk , der unk the Friedrichshafener Renngemeinschaft Graf Zeppelin
&quot; The Lausitzring has many fast passages that you have to make optimally to be unk &quot; .
How fast Zimmermann really is , that turns out in two unk .
&quot; Of course , the teams play a little bit at unk , &quot; unk er unk
&quot; In the end , however , we are very satisfied and look forward to the first weekend at Lausitzring &quot; .
The race in Brandenburg will be the prelude to a densely packed calendar .
There are seven races until the beginning of November .
Current state is that no viewers will be admitted unk but there is a prominent unk .
In mid-August at the Nürburgring unk Ex-Formula 1 driver Niko Hülkenberg in the GT steering wheel unk .
British Minister of Transport caught cold by quarantine decision
According to press reports , the British government &apos;s decision to quarantine unk for two weeks after its return has , according to the press reports , the country &apos;s Minister of Transport , according to press reports .
Accordingly , Grant Shapps is currently on holiday in Spain , of all places , when his colleagues at home on Saturday .
Due to the rising in the Corona figures in Spain , the Cabinet unk London cancelled the country unk of the list of countries from which it is possible to enter without quarantine requirements is possible .
The new scheme will apply from today , Sunday , so Shapps will also have to be quarantined after his return .
In Austria , unk government has imposed unk quarantine measures on returnees .
unk the regulation applies to those who are unk just on the deadline holiday , only from unk Saturday , August 1 unk and was not introduced overnight .
By the way , unk is still considered one of the &quot; safe countries &quot; for which no quarantine is needed in unk .
&quot; Numerous ministers are likely to have known in advance that there is a possibility of a quarantine on holidaymakers Spain , &quot; commented unk Diane Abbot .
&quot; But apparently no one has bothered to let Grant Shapps . &quot;
Less than a month after the end of the Corona emergency in Spain and the end of the strict curfew , the unk in the unk are rising again .
unk blame the nightlife for unk further spread .
Spain is one of the favourite holiday destinations of the British .
unk unnecessary travel to the Spanish mainland , the unk government currently advises , the Canary Islands and unk popular with British holidaymakers are popular Canary Islands and unk are popular with British holidaymakers are unk except unk
To date , more than 272,000 infections with the novel coronavirus and more than 28,000 deaths have been registered in Spain .
Russia : Radio of the Navy : Putin announces unk for warships
The Russian unk Vladimir Putin has announced unk Tag unk Marine in unk Land an equipment of warships with unk hypersonic weapons .
With these weapons , which are unique in the world would expand the fighting possibilities of the Russian naval forces , Putin said on Sunday in St. Petersburg at the central naval parade .
According to the Ministry of Defense , according to the Interfax agency , the Ministry of Defense also reports successful tests of the hypersonic missile zircon built for the Navy .
The hypersonic weapons have a multiple of the unk of about unk meters per second .
They are considered weapons of the future unk
Underwater tropedeo will continue unk
unk will also continue to be the atomar-unk underwater torpedo Poseidon , it was said .
The planned sea drone is planned for unk coastal destinations .
The president , who sailed unk with a military boat , said that in unk year alone new ships would be put into service with the individual fleet units of the largest country in the world .
Russia has such a large coastal area than any other country in the world .
For 300 years , the Navy has been reliably protecting Russia for 300 years , Putin said on the day celebrated by sailors nationwide .
In many other Russian coastal towns , the naval forces also celebrated the Day of the Navy with parades .
In Syria , where unk fights at the side of ruler Bashar al-Assad , the military demonstrated a arms show in the unk of Tartu &apos;s strength .
Ammunition was also fired
A video published by the Ministry of Defense featured not only warships , a submarine , but also unk and jets .
Hurricane &quot; Hanna &quot; reaches Texas : unk made more difficult because of Corona
Washington - The first hurricane of this year &apos;s season over the Atlantic has hit unk in Texas .
Life-threatening floods , strong winds and heavy rainfall now threatened parts of the US state , unk the unk hurricane center of the US climate authority NOAA in the night after Sunday ( local time ) unk
Governor Greg Abbott called a state of emergency for many districts .
According to the US media , Abbott , the rampant unk the work of the helpers , Abbott continued , according to the US media .
Evacuees called to caution
&quot; Every hurricane is a tremendous challenge , &quot; unk Abbott , according to the newspaper &quot; Houston Chronicle &quot; .
With a view to the cyclone in Texas , he added : &quot; unk is complicated and exacerbated , considering that it sweeps through an area that is the most affected by COVID-19 . &quot;
According to Johns Hopkins University , around 5,000 people have died in Texas alone as a result of the Corona pandemic .
Abbott called on people who had to leave their homes .
They unk practices , unk that we have become accustomed to &quot; , do not disregard , unk wearing masks unk said the governor according to the channel CBS unk
It is important that everyone kept their distance .
Therefore , in some places also provided hotel rooms provided unk .
unk should be tested for unk in emergency shelters .
Damage was initially only reported from the coastal town of Port Mansfield .
Storm warning withdrawn
With wind speeds of up to 150 kilometers per hour , unk Hanna &quot; was &quot; hit on land on the island of Padre Island just off the Texas coast , according to the authorities .
The tropical storm was previously upgraded to the lowest level one hurricane .
For the coastal section of Port Mansfield unk Sargent , a unk had been enacted and later withdrawn .
unk expected a weakening , unk &quot; Hanna &quot; moves further inland and headed towards the northeast of Mexico .
&quot; Douglas &quot; is moving towards Hawaii
In the Pacific , hurricane &quot; Douglas &quot; travelled towards Hawaii on night on Sunday with wind speeds of around 150 kilometers per hour .
However , the hurricane center , however , is that it continues to weaken .
According to its prediction , on Sunday ( local time ) near the largest islands of Hawaii on Sunday ( local time ) - then as a storm just below the hurricane threshold .
Over the Atlantic , NOAA expected an above-average hurricane season this year after a forecast of unk .
From June to unk November , up to ten hurricanes are to be expected , and up to six could become very unk cyclones , the authority had explained .
unk average there are unk year over unk Atlantic six hurricanes , three unk develop into storms of great strength unk
In view of available climate data and the higher water temperature in the Atlantic and the Caribbean , the likelihood of a normal season is only 30 percent , that of a below-average unk at ten percent , it was said at the time .
US President Donald Trump wrote on Twitter that his administration was closely observing the storms and was in contact with the states concerned .
Four goals revved : Video assistant &quot; punished &quot; Sassuolo
Sassuolo &apos;s Filip Djuricic were stripped of two goals
Naples - Four goals unk , four unk revoked : Sassuolo unk experienced a raven black evening at the 0 : 2 ( 0 : 1 ) at the SSC Naples in the Italian football league Serie A - and was really sgry to the video assistant of the audience .
&quot; A festival of ungiven gates for Sassuolo .
The VAR has never been so tough against a team unk , &quot; commented the &quot; Corriere dello Sport &quot; .
Host Naples had taken the lead through a goal from defender Elseid Hisaj in the 8th minute , in the 32nd minute Filip Djuricic initially cheered the balance in the 32nd minute .
The Video Assistant Referee ( unk ) unk the hit back because of a offside position .
Five minutes later , Djuricic shot the ball unk into the net - the VAR intervened again .
unk the goals of attackers Francesco unk ( 50th ) and Domenico Berardi ( 61 . ) withdrawn the referee team after advice from the UAR .
In the extra time , Allan made the 2-0 final score for Naples and the bitter evening for Sassuolo .
&quot; The VAR unk Sassuolo worse than a unk on the road and punishes Sassuolo like no unk before .
The new technology sets records , &quot; writes the &quot; Gazzetta unk Sport &quot; unk
FC Bayern Munich : unk injured
Munich unk dpa ) - The start of the hot preparation phase unk the Champions League started for unk FC Bayern with a setback .
Hansi Flick , who has recovered &quot; reasonably good &quot; after a short holiday and a few training days , Hansi Flick has to consider after the first team training how unk can unk his successful defence can be unk after the injury of world champion Benjamin Pavard .
The Frenchman , who has the third most minutes behind Captain Manuel Neuer and midfielder Joshua Kimmich , suffered a band injury at the unk foot root and threatens to be missing in decisive royal class duels .
In the Munich dirty weather , the right-defender broke a training game and was driven off the court with a golf kart .
unk for a long time the unrestricted unk has to pause in the fight for the unk , is open unk
A match in the round of 16 against Chelsea on 8 August should be difficult to hope for the final tournament unk of the 24-year-old , which begins on 12 August in Lisbon on 12 August .
unk Bayern do not want to be stopped by the mishap from the training on Sunday .
Flick named in his personal unk the three attributes he wants to see from his stars on his way to Portugal &apos;s capital .
Quality unk and concentration should show his victorious title collectors in the ideally 28 unk until the king class final on August 23 unk
&quot; We have the unk championship and trophy just excellent unk .
Now it is time to create the special thing , &quot; said Flick .
Until the people of Munich concretely with the unk and previously a training camp in unk Algarve concretely , however , the round of 16 duty against Chelsea FC .
After unk 3 : unk in the first leg before the Corona break , the Londoners will become unk in unk arena unk as in the lost &quot; Finale dahoam unk 2012 unk .
&quot; We have to go the door .
unk want to win , create good conditions unk recharge your batteries with a good game , &quot; demanded unk .
A test of unk is scheduled on Friday against Olympique Marseille .
With a long speech , Flick had sworn his stars , who had 13 days on holiday after unk Double , a unique August .
31 players welcomed unk to Säbener Straße , unk also the new players around fine shopping Leroy unk which for the first time after his move from Manchester unk all the new colleagues on the pitch for the first time after his move from Manchester unk
&quot; Leroy , like all new ones , &quot; reported Flick .
But instead of unk about the new season , when Sané &amp; Co. are no longer only allowed to train , unk Flick much rather about the unk title project of German unk .
After days of individual and small group training , team strength is now trained for the Londoners , who in contrast , are unk flick ensemble in the playing rhythm .
unk could have a quarter-finals against FC Barcelona and Lionel Messi , in the semifinals , Real Madrid , Manchester unk or Juventus are possible opponents in the semifinals .
unk way to the final in Lisbon &quot; unk not quite so easy &quot; , emphasised the head coach , who can rely on the services of his new assistant Miroslav Klose in training from Tuesday on .
The World Championship record scorer unk and Flick know about many joint tournament preparation , which is important for the 0-to 100 attunement .
With his current team , working is &quot; a pleasure &quot; , Flick praised .
unk &quot; Focusing on profits &quot; is an impressive trait of his team .
At the tournament with nine-teams was ambitious on Sunday .
All of the top performers , including the unk Thiago and defender David Alaba , whose whereabouts is not secured beyond the royal class season .
Formula 1 needs a special rule to select its world champion
Since it is not possible to drive on the required number of continents , the FIA must improvise to award the World Cup titles .
However , all American races were cancelled .
Race calendar unk more and more concrete
unk Race calendar of the current Formula One season continues to take shape .
In addition to the ten confirmed Grand Prix confirmed so far , three more race tracks were added during the week .
In October , the Nürburgring in Germany and Portimão , Portugal .
On November 1 , Lewis Hamilton and Co. will fight for unk on the traditional Italian race track in Imola .
This means that the race calendar 2020 will now 13 unk according to the current level of 2020 .
unk We are pleased to continue to achieve unk when completing our plans for the 2020 season , &quot; said Formula 1 boss Chase Carey .
A total of 15 to 18 races will be completed in the premier class of unk will be completed in this extraordinary season .
unk wants Formula 1 its season in Asia .
The unk race calendar is to be fixed and published in the coming weeks .
According to media reports , the already officially scheduled races in Bahrain unk Abu Dhabi unk December , according to media reports , appearances could still take place in Vietnam and Malaysia could still take place at the end of November .
Regulations demand races on three unk
However , the regulations of unk 1 require at least races on three points for the award of the World Cup .
Even if , as currently planned , only two continents will be driven , there will be a world champion .
With the help of a special rule , the FIA wants to award the titles to &quot; extraordinary circumstances &quot; because of the coronavirus pandemic .
The traditional start to the season in unk in March had to be cancelled in the short term due to the unk corona crisis .
A return to the continent unk this year is not a unk .
In addition , Formula 1 in unk year will not be a guest in America .
Cancellation meets with criticism in unk
Due to the tense corona situation , the races unk Canada unk will not take place in the USA , Mexico and Brazil .
&quot; We look forward to getting back with them in the unk season , &quot; explained Carey .
The refusal of the America race was met with criticism , especially in Brazil : unk The rejection was not surprise for unk , but the reasons for this we do not accept , &quot; said Tamas Rohonyi , promoter of the Grand Prix in São Paulo .
For example , the number of infections in the São Paulo area are significantly lower than in radio Brazil .
Moreover , the concerns of some teams about not wanting to drive in Brazil would also not justify radio .
We is prepared for the required security measures .
unk Thunberg : Evil eye against Donald Trump went around the world
Greta Thunberg unk about her meeting with US President Donald unk .
Greta Thunberg was a guest on the well-known latenight show of unk Colbert via video lock and revealed in an interview what she had in mind with her unk Donald Trump .
unk Greta Thunberg was a guest on a popular US latenight show .
Among other things , she told about her fight against the unk of the world unk
unk her famous &quot; evil eye &quot; at her encounter with Donald Trump spoke the teenager .
New York City - In the past two unk , climate activist Greta Thunberg unk attracted attention tireless commitment to unk &quot; Fridays For Future &quot; movement unk
In a well-known latenight show about her plans in the future as well as her meeting with US President Donald Trump at the UN climate summit in unk year .
unk Stephen Colbert welcomed 17-year-old Thunberg to a longer interview with unk Schwedin .
She spoke not only about her fight against climate change , but also about its conflict with the powerful of the world .
&quot; There are some things that surprised me , &quot; she said .
&quot; How far people go to steer unk away from the climate crisis , &quot; she has shaken .
&quot; Everything from organized hate campaigns to threats just because a group of children take to the streets &quot; she experienced .
unk and leaders who mock them on social media or even try to make them to radio , she finds them &quot; funny &quot; , as you show her the reactions , &quot; since they have no other answer to it &quot; unk
It became particularly interesting at the end of the interview , when Greta Thunberg became a well-known unk , in which she threw a bitter bit to US President Trump .
At the UN climate summit 2019 in New unk , for which the nude scientist sailed across the Atlantic , her expressive unk was caught by unk cameras and has since been seen by countless people on the Internet .
The short clip resulted in a GIF , an animated image that ultimately became one of the most commonly used images for Trump opponents .
But what did the 17-year-old think about the US president at that moment
unk the relatively open question of Stephen Colbert she answered only for a short time and dry : &quot; To be honest , I think this requires no further explanation &quot; .
The experienced satirist unk had probably not expected the quick-witted answer and disappeared from the picture for a short time .
With her &quot; How dare you ? &quot; speech unk Principles of climate protection , she was remembered by many .
unk Immobile with triple pack for Lazio Rome
Ciro Immobile is now in the race for Europe &apos;s Golden Shoe , Ciro Immobile is now on the par with Bavaria &apos;s Robert Lewandowski in the race for Europe &apos;s Golden Shoe .
The former Dortmund Ciro immobile continues to have the best chance of becoming the top scorer of the Italian Football Championship .
unk former BVB pro at the 5 : 1 ( 1 : unk victory of Lazio Rome at Hellas unk goal , including two converted penalties in the extra times of both halves unk
This means that unk 30-year-olds from the fourth in the standings two games of the season before the end now has 34 season goals on his account - just as many Robert Lewandowski unk FC Bayern Munich scored just as many in the expired unk .
In Italy , Cristiano Ronaldo follows with 30 goals so far . the Portuguese superstar met Sampdoria Genoa with the leader in the evening .
Fleetwood Mac co-founder unk Green died
His life was like a rollercoaster ride unk After a rapid ascent with Fleetwood Mac , unk went steeply downhill and then slowly up again .
Now the blues rock guitarist unk Green has died at the age of 73 .
Ingenious guitarist , drug junkie , cult plower : The co-founder of the band Fleetwood Mac unk Peter Green , is unk .
He died peacefully at the age of 73 , he died peacefully in his sleep at the age of 73 , told family members on unk in a unk statement that another unk would be announced for the unk days .
Top musicians such as Peter Frampton recognized Green as one of the best blues and rock guitarists .
Mick Fleetwood spoke in an emotional reaction of a &quot; monumental loss &quot; unk alle unk and current members of the band Fleetwood Mac .
The drummer unk and the guitarist unk had long since founded a legendary band in London since 1967 . unk is still unforgotten is his dreamy instrumental hit &quot; Albatross &quot; .
The life of the musician ( &quot; unk End unk The Game &quot; , &quot; In The Skies &quot; ) resembled a rollercoaster ride
With Fleetwood Mac unk experienced a rapid climb - the unk celebrated its biggest unk but unk without unk .
Among other things , unk is said to have given , among other things , to have given dispute , unk wanted all the profits of the group for charity .
He began to perform in wide robes and a large crucifix .
Psychological problems are said to have played a role unk
Three years after the founding unk Green the band in 1970 .
This was followed by a social unk .
unk blues rock guitarist unk under drug abuse and schizophrenia unk as biographers reported .
For a long time , Green was treated in psychiatry
During most of the unk years , the musician disappeared from the scene .
He is said to have lived temporarily on the street , worked as a cemetery gardener and spent time unk Israeli kibbutz .
Green was born in 1946 to a Jewish working-class family in Bethnal Green , London , the son of a Jewish working-class family .
Already in young unk he unk for unk like B.B. King unk Muddy Waters .
At the age of eleven he learned the first guitar terms .
At the age of 15 , the teenager began to play guitar professionally and five years later got the unk to be on stage as a lead guitarist for the instrumental band Peter B &apos;s Looners
He was not hired as a replacement for his idol Eric unk with the Bluesbreakers .
In the middle of the blues boom , Green founded Fleetwood Mac in the middle of the blues boom along with his bluesbreakers colleagues unk and John McVie .
The unk &quot; Albatross &quot; composed by Green gave the unk the first number 1 hit in the winter of 1968 / unk and catapulted it to the unk of British unk .
But the rapid ascent soon showed unk : Green unk did not show the media hype , his experiments of the drug LSD became more and more extreme .
He later commented on the life between music and addiction in an interview : &quot; Das unk , was mir im Leben unk ist unk sind die unk - the best was to land a number 1 hit &quot; .
Towards the end of the decade , unk succeeded surprisingly unk success with an album inspired by religious themes .
unk Mac , meanwhile , swam without him in unk formation on a unk .
Their 1977 album &quot; Rumours &quot; sold more than 40 million copies .
Despite his small solo successes , Green did not make a major comeback unk until he returned to unk start with a group of friends musicians .
The British &quot; Daily unk &quot; at that time spoke of a unk that returned to Earth .
Free from drugs unk green with the Peter Green Splinter Group some albums until the band got unk in 2004 .
For music experts , he was a blues legend during his lifetime - and with his gentle sound one of the most influential guitarist of the past decades .
