Biker reacts at lightning speed and prevents
On Friday evening , a traffic accident occurred on the Machtolsheim Merklingen , in which a motorcyclist was only slightly injured thanks to his rapid reaction .
Car ist overlooks
A 44-year-old driver wanted to come from Merklingen with her VW from Merklingen to the left on the state 1230 towards Machtolsheim .
This overlooked the 24-year-old motorcyclilist coming from Nellingen .
During the collision , hand and foot brake levers fly away .
The biker still tried to avoid the car , but still touched it at the rear vehicle area .
Due to the stripe process , the hand and foot brake levers demolished on the Suzuki and the driver was no longer able to brake .
At present , he controlled his motorcycle in the green stiffers next to the road and let it roll out there to fall down .
Bker suffers leg injury
Due to the collision with the car , Biker suffered an injury to the and had to be treated in a clinic .
Mamming Corona mass infection 174 Harvesters infected
After a Corona mass infection of a large vegetable farm in mamming , almost 500 people are quarantined and must no longer leave the plant
Security service monitors the ban on outlife .
A total of 174 harvesters tested positive for the Coronon the Corona pathogen Sars-CoV-2 , as the Landratsamt on Saturday evening .
&quot; In order to avoid further spread , we unfortunately have to take step to protect the population , &quot; said Werner Bumeder ( CSU ) .
Previously , seven employees had already infected in the company - this was the occasion of the series test
The farm is a large vegetable farm that grows strawberries , cucumbers , cabbage and beetroot - but cucumbers but only for inglasses .
Mamming is a rural municipality just good 3300 not far from Dingolfing large BMW plant .
appealed to the citizens to keep calm : &quot; According to information , it is a closed group of people . &quot;
On the farm , uninfected employees were separated , the site is now surrounded by a fence .
Greens and SPD gave co-responsibility to the state government .
The two opposition groups accused Prime Minister Markus Söder ( ) and his cabinet of controlling those of seasonal workers .
&quot; can take venitter revenge if such and lockdowns have to be ordered , &quot; said Jürgen , the parliamentary managing director of the Greens .
The SPD looks very similar to this : &quot; After the Corona outbreak in mid-May , we have already demanded a special control programme for farms with harvesters , &quot; said environmental expert Florian von Brunn .
&quot; Especially the hygiene conditions at the workplace and the living conditions from our are sharply controlled
This is obviously not
The eruption came with announcement .
Aidenbachstraße : Dangerous dispute : 19-year old falls into the track bed after
In a dispute between two youth groups on Aidenbachstraße , a 19-year-old has slipped through a thrwer and a track bed .
Obersendling - Friday the subway station Aidenbachstraße came a dispute between two youth groups around 16.15 .
A passers-by alerted police with several stripes .
According to the investigation , a Munich man ( 17 ) pushed a 19-year-old to the ground .
The boy slipped over the platform edge and fell a track bed .
People from the group of the 17-year-old helped the fallen out from track .
There was no danger from an coming railway .
As the police say , there were clashes between the two people
The 17-year-old initially fled from the crime scene , but he could be determined in retrospect .
His father went the police inspection .
Against the 17-year-old boly injury .
Report : Seehofer pushes for data retention
Data retention is currently
Federal Minister of the Interior Horst Seehofer calls for an extension after a media
He wants to strengthen the fight against .
Federal Minister of the Interior Horst Seehofer ( ) calls a media report for an extended - instead of the planned ten weeks for half a year .
As the &quot; Bild am Sonntag &quot; reports , Justice Minister Christine Lambrecht SPD ) asked in a letter for a quick amendment .
Seehofer therefore wants to strengthen the measures against child abuse
He considers it makes sible to &quot; make necessary adjustments in the law now &quot; , quotes the from the letter .
Data retention is currently suspended .
A decision of the ECJ is expected .
Seehofer , however , wants the changes forehand so that they could be applied according to a possible positive judgment , he continues .
A spokesman for the Ministry of Justice told the newspaper that it could only make sense whether it was needed if the courts had decided .
In the fight against child abuse and child pornography , Seehofer had together with those had in favour of data retention in June .
NBA : Stripclub trouble for clipper star Lou
Excitement of the NBA !
Lou Williams ( ) , basketball professional Los Angeles Clippers , is said to have left the tournament quarters in Disney World in Orlando / Florida with permission for a funeral .
According to US media reports , he still the strip club &quot; Magic City &quot; in Atlanta in the evening .
, who is said to admitted the visit according to ESPN information is back in Isloation , is tested daily on Covid-19 .
His reason the visit : Chicken Wings . His
In February last year &quot; Sweet Lou &quot; , as he called the NBA , expressed his love for exactly these wings
The American wrote : &quot; Magic City and Blue Flame ( another strip club in Atlanta , usually have the Wings in town .
NBA Ininsider Shams Charania announced on Twitter on Sunday that she has prescribed a ten-day quarantine .
The Clippers Star missed the first official games after the test game phase
In Disney World , the NBA wants to play the Corona season .
Currently , the best 22 teams training games are preparing for the season finale starting at night Friday .
Söder expresses itself after mass infecton about the Corona situation
Munich - Minister of Health anie Huml ( CSU has already announced a test offensive for large farms on Sunday .
The press conference will be on our homepage .
The Mamming case in the district of Dingolfing-Landau has frightened authorities and politics .
Almost 500 harvesters from countries currently work on the large vegetable farm , over one has infected the Corona pathogen .
The farm is now under quarantine and is closed with a building fence .
Nobody must leave the terrain , become food .
The authorities now offer the good 3300 inhabitants of the municipality free Corona tests .
Since the harvesters had little contact with the local population , Landratsamt so far umes that the infections have not spread out the farm .
&quot; Conmorse &quot; : confession of the alleged arson of
&quot; My client has been cooperative , &quot; said lawyer Quentin Chabert told the newspaper
The defender added : &quot; He greatly regrets the deeds , the confession was a liberation for him &quot;
His mandate was &quot; plagued by remorse and taken by the extent of the destruction &quot; .
In the event of conviction , years imprisonment and a fine of 150,000 euros will aten
The Saint Peter and Paul Cathedral in Nantes had been heavy in a fire night on Saturday last week .
The fire had broken out in three distant parts of the church .
Laboratory tests confirmed the suspicion of
The now imprisoned had already been arrested a few hours after fire .
He was released after one day .
The man works as a volunteer for the diocese of Nantes and was responsible for the closure of the eve of the fire
Since there was no trace of a violent into the church , he quickly into the view of the investigators .
Discuss the abolition of the 50 1 rule
Former DFB President Reinhard Grindel has recommended thinking about the abolition of the 50 + 1 rule
&quot; German football should at least discuss , ing conditions and clear rules for investors before the EU Commission creates completed facts , &quot; said Grindel the &quot; picture on Sunday &quot; .
He stressed : &quot; For the clubs that can most likely dangerous to Bavaria and Dortmund , 50 + 1 rules do not work anyway : see Leipzig or Leverkusen .
In this respect , one can not get around the debate whether it is not necessary to facilitate clubs that want to break this phalhalanx the involvement of investors &quot; .
has doubts about whether in German football there is to allow majority participdings that are in the Bundesliga by the 50 + 1 rule .
&quot; It remains a legal risk to draw investment fences around the Bundesliga location in a European internal market , said Grindel .
The former DFB chief sees the danger that &quot; the attempts to ensure more competitive balance in the Bundesliga will in the end only competitiveness top clubs at European level , but no longer lead in the championship &quot; .
Even an equal distribution of TV funds will achieve a decisive effect .
&quot; FC Bayern makes sales of 750 million euros , Borussia Dortmund of 500 million and RB Leipzig of 300 million .
So the differences are already immense among the first three clubs alone .
The other 15 have an average household 130 million , &quot; said the 58-year-old
With regard to the past , Grindel feels betrayed
Unfortunately , there were people who noticed this mistake and pierced the press to address , &quot; said Grindel about the adoption of an expensive watch that his resignation in April 2019 .
&quot; That occupied me humanly &quot; .
The gift worth 11,000 he from Ukrainian functionary .
&quot; I committed a compliance violation , and it was right to draw conclusions from it , Grindel .
&quot; I dealt with the ominous watch gift completely transparent and unsusp
Many knew in the DFB &quot; .
He had never &quot; made a secret of it , &quot; assured the 58-year-old .
&quot; This may be called naive , at least this form of transparency the complete opposite of corruption &quot;
&quot; Black Lives Matter &quot; : and
The protests against the United States have worsenated by Donald Trump &apos;s use of federal police in several cities .
On Saturday , there were clashes between demonstrators and policemen in various cities .
In Louisville , three people were injured , and 16 people in Seattle .
In Austin , a person was shots while a demonstration march was just crossing a intersection .
Previously , there had clashes in Portland during racism racism and again .
The security forces , including officers from the Federal Police , used tear gas on night of Saturday and dealt demonstrators .
Hundreds of armed demonstrators marched through Louisville in Kentucky and demanded that those responsible for the death of Breonna Taylor be responsible .
The 26 old student was shot in a drug raid in her apartment .
The goal of the raid was others who did not even live , no drugs were found
When a Saturday of a group a group calling themselves as an armed alliance of black Americans on one , three people were injured
According to the station NBC , they were taken to the hospital .
None of them were in danger
The police set up barricades because also counter-demonstrators of a white militia had
In the end , the two groups did not meet .
In Austin person , Texas as part of a Black Lives Matter &quot; demonstration and died
The police took their own information into custody into custody .
She did not explain about the circumstances of the
Mayor Steve told New York Times &quot; that he was , like many in the city , &quot; inconsolable and stunned &quot; because of what had happened .
Also in the American metropolis of Seattle demonstrators delivered clashes with the police Saturday
They set construction cars on fire in front of a youth prison , and the police set glare grenades and pepper spray .
According to the Seattle Times , 16 people were arrested for resistance to police officers or assault .
In city of Oakland , California courthouse set on fire .
A small group of demonstrators had hit windows , shot down fireworks and blinded police officers with lasers , said the police Oakland on Saturday night ( local time ) .
The fire was quickly extingu
In Aurora , a suburb of Denver , Colorado , a car drove through a crowd that demonstrated on a highway .
As the police , a demonstrator fired a gun and at least was taken to the hospital .
In addition , a court was also there and a fire was set , as the police reported .
Investigation began
Rakoczy in Bad Kissingen : Historical defy
Although the great sause in the spa town was missing , visitors and peractors enjoyed the Rakoczy flair of the alternative program .
It was unusual for visitors , performers and : The Rakoczy weekend without Rakoczy festival .
: Even if the big party mile in the city center was missing , which and program highlights such as Saale burns Rakoczy-Ball or procession , many Corona-compliant alternative program came their .
&quot; We managed to spread Rakoczy flair , &quot; says Director Sylvie Thormann
The guests would have received it well .
In principle , one return to the beginnings of the Rakoczy Festival , as well as only the historical focus of the festival were .

Vesna Konhäuser has been visiting with her husband to the Rakoczy Festival Kissingen for more than 25 years .
So also this time Corona year .
The couple have made themselves comfortable at Luitpold Casino , watch the historthings while strolling and listens to the Cuban live music casino restaurant
&quot; I find it so pleasant , &quot; says Konhäuser . &quot;
She miss the crowds that otherwise do not belong to Rakoczy .
But , you lack the usual program highlights , all Saale burburn on Friday evening as well as the historic procession and on Sunday evening .
&quot; That &apos;s a pity .
The weather would have fit this year , &quot; she says
Rakoczy riding tournament again
For actors of the historic spa guests , the alternative program sometimes meant more
About for Christina Gold who part in the procade in a normal year and seen there on the carriage of the
This year she was on Saturdays and Sundays on Saturdays in the city .
&quot; is already more exhausting , otherwise we have lighter , &quot; she .
The equestrian club had less to do when individuals were on the road in the park .
&quot; very much hope , which can take place again next year , &quot; says Chairman Ulrike Waldho
She announced that after several years of break 2021 , a Rakoczy riding tournament would take place .
28 Corona cases in Spanish Fuenlabrada
The Spanish football division CF Fuenlabrada is liters a Corona outbreak deeper and deeper into the crisis .
Since the newcomer from Madrid had despite the first Corona cases on 20 July to a game in the city of A Coruña , one low follows the
By Sunday , 28 players team members had been tested positive , one came in like the club .
Fuenlabrada from the city of the same name southwest of still had the chance to reach the promotion playoffs .
Now even relegation to the B-group of the second threatens .
The match against La Coruña last Monday was cancelled at the last moment , the prosecor &apos;s office investigated for a possible crime against public health , the supreme sports authority CSD is considering the forced descent of the club .
Players and other team members are quarantined in a hotel
&quot; Until the sixth day of quarantine they have not received a fresh towel and no gel , &quot; wrote the sports newspaper &quot; AS &quot; .
The photos show how players had hung underwear and club clothes in their rooms in the hotel for dry after they apparently had to wash them themselves .
The bed linen was not changed for five days
One problem is the food .
Neither it good nor sufficient , wrote &quot; AS &quot; .
The club stay , on the other hand , that you are satisfied with the hotel .
Acclegation of deliberating public health , the lawyer of the club , Javier Tebas Llanas , rejected .
They had not violated the Corona rules established by the Football Association , stressed the son of the president of the Spanish division , Javier Tebas reported as the news agency Europa Press and the &quot; Marca &quot; .
Before the departure , there were infected until 19 July , but they were isolated and travelled along .
Directly before the flight on Monday to A Coruña , all and team members had been tested again .
When the team was already in A Coruña , the Corona Test test was positive for &quot; five or six other team members .
The game was cancelled 60 minutes before the kick-off , Tebas Llanas .
Police must capture horses torn out in steam compartment
Two animals were on the
The police led
On Sunday morning shortly before 6 o &apos;clock , a road user shared two free-running horses on the feeder between the Donnersdorf / Steins/ Steinsfeld and the motorway junction .
At the arrival of the officials , the horses were already between the feeder and the village of
After shortly before steam compartment trust confidence of the horses are shortly by the officials , these each have a rope in the carried
Proclist Tony Martin : Career continuation can imaginable
Time trial specialist Martin thinks about a continuation of his career .
Frankfurt / Main - The seven-time trial world champion Tony Martin can imagine continuing his cycling career .
&quot; I am currently the framework conditions with the team , and in what form it could go on , &quot; said the 35-year-old of the &quot; Frankfurter Allgemeine Sonntagszeitung &quot; .
Martin is employed by Dutch team Jumbo-Visma and had considered the Corona break to ending his career after this year .
The negotiations with his team are also about the number of race days , he .
Or other problems that would plague him as a family father , Martin .
He used to be after a fall , and the first thought was &quot; Back back to the
Today I think father of a little one : What if &quot; .
The professional cylist admitted that there are certainly aspects with which he is increasingly difficult with .
&quot; But it was good to remember from the Corona era time what I was about cycling and how much fun he enjoy me
The time trial specialist returns to the event at the Tour de l &apos;Ain ( 5 to 9 August ) .
Bavaria : At least four dead on Bavaria &apos;s streets on the
The beautiful weather attracts bikers to the streets in many places .
For at least three people , the tour ends fatally .
Even one-year-old pedestrian also dies .
Schönthal - accidents on Bavaria &apos;s weekend several , mostly young people
An 18-year-old motorcyclist was captured on Saturday near Schönthal ( district of Cham ) by one who countered
Why the car got on the opposite lane was unclear at first .
In Upper Bavaria , a 22-year-old colded together on his machine with a horse-drawn carriage on Saturday .
According to the police , at Beilngries downhill .
In a left turn he bounced against the carriage
were so heavy that he died at the scene of the accident .
Of the twelve inmates of the carriage , a man was seriously and a man was slightly injured , like the police .
In another fatal accident , an 18-year-old died in Bad Upper Palatinate of Bad Kötzting .
He had taken on a street the night to Sunday and a 42-year-old driver .
After the police , the 18-year-old wanted to sleep .
Do not brake the driver in time .
At Schönberg Landkreis Freyung-Grafenau ) , on a 57 year biker boashed against a car in a right curturn full braking .
He died
57-year-old driver suffered one , the remaining three people car remained uninjured
The motorcyclists were discussed on Saturday by Bavaria &apos;s Transport Minister Schreyer ( CSU ) . Bavaria
In a letter to the organizer of the biker protests announced for August against driving bans , Gabor , the referred to extensive investments such as guardils to defusing dangerous curves .
&quot; We have done a lot for safety motorcyclists in recent years , &quot; the letter .
&quot; The number of those killed motoraround 28 in 2011 .
Kovac tests with Monaco against
Frankfurt / ( dpa - For football coach Niko Kovac there will soon be a reunion with Frankfurt with his new club AS Monaco .
The eight-time French champion will perform on 1 August ( 18.00 at the Hesse , the former Club Kroaten
For Bundesliga clubs , it is the and before the second leg in the Europa League against Basel ( 6 August ) .
Because of the Coronavirus pandemic , the encounter is held without a spectators .
&quot; We are looking forward to this game .
It is always to come to Frankfurt and meet friends , &quot; explained Kovac
This is an interesting test , said the 48-year-old .
Prior to moving to FC Bayern Munich , Kovac had Hesse from up and victory in the DFB-Pokal .
&quot; A top-class opponent like Monaco is a good test for us with regard to the match against Basel .
Like all Frankfurt residents , I am looking forward to seeing again with Niko Kovac , &quot; said Eintracht coach AdHütter .
50 years year-old Austrians had the successor of the Croatian at Eintracht
In March , the Frankfurter had lost the eight-final first leg against Basel in their own stadium with 0 – 3 .
Almost 50 new infections : Landkreis Hof
In the district of Hof , the number of well-known Corona new infections has further increased on the weekend : from 39 am and 43 on Saturday ( one person recovered and does not fall into these statistics ) to 47 Sunday .
There is also a case in the courtyard .
Thus , the Hof area approaches the critical mark of 50 new infections per 100,000 inhabitants per week .
700 dead by monsoon rain in Sou
Of the severe floods in are more than 9 million , especially in , India and Nepal .
Due to strong monsoon rain , a total of 700 people were
Bangladesh tries the Red Crescent boats to reach the isolated people
Entire villages are below .
The farmers have lost their harvests .
Armored horos in National Park by landslides .
In Kaziranga National Park , several of the 120 tank rhinos by landslides .
are under protection and applicable as endangered with extinction .
This year , the floods are bad , which scientists lead back to climate change .
According to the United Nations , Bangladesh is one of the most affected by global warming .
New
In the village of Cox &apos;s Bazar in the south of has built apartments for 650 through the floods .
So far , only
It is difficult to people after Cox &apos;s Bazaar .
Also enthusiasm holds in .
Anyone who to had house , it was also so small and resembled one , often does not want to spend their life in a large block of apartment .
Many apartments are empty , if - as the government wants - soon be occupied from those who have lost their house as due to the floods .
60 Corona new infections in just one day
In a 24-hour comparison in 60 Corona new infections - Lower Austria there were 22 new infections
The Landessanitätsdirektion Vienna and the crisis staff of the City of Vienna regularly inform the current case figures and other key figures for the Covid-19 virus : As of Sunday , 26 July 2020 , 8 : 00 a.m. , 4,840 ( + 60 ) have been confirmed in Vienna .
The number of related with the virus is unchanged 204 .
4,090 ( + 48 ) persons are recovered .
22 new Coronavirus infections in Lower Austria .
The number of coronavirus infections in Lower Austria now increased by 22 by 3,288 on Sunday .
A patient the medical staff according to the medical staff .
number of people increases to 2,936
Currently , Covid-19 , federal state were 247 patients .
147,253 tests were carried out .
105 people died in connection with lung
Argentina rejects counter-offer from creditors
The new demands could not be met , the Ministry of Economic Affairs in Buenos Aires on Saturday .
&quot; That would be not only irresponsible , but also unjust , &quot; said a statement .
&quot; While 50 percent of children in Argentina live poverty , we can increase short-term profits of our creditors
The debts of the second largest economy in South America to the current no longer viable .
That is why Argentina calls on its private creditors to make some of its claims of around 66 billion US dollars ( around billions of euros ) .
If there is no agreement , the country is again threatthreatened the state bankruptcy .
It would be the failure of payment in Argentine history .
Most recently , lenders had demanded higher interest on the and changes to some contractual clauses .
The Argentine government adheron to its last offer and is not ready for further concessions .
Argentina is in a serious financial and economic crisis
This was last more than 50 .
For the current experts expect one of the economic strength around ten percent
May Argentina did not pay interest receivables of US $ 503 million and had slipped into a default of payment .
Arrived professionally - privately not privately
&quot; It &apos;s super well &quot; - Dr. Kramer draws Dr. Kramer after her first days in the notary office in Eggenfelden .
Everything all went very quickly : In mid-May , Dr. Stefanie Kramer learn that she will succeed Lutz in the Eggenfelden notarioffice
Already six later at the beginning of July , the doctorate took the work , the normal daily business is long running on full
&quot; However , I have to arrive privately , &quot; explains in conversation with the Rottaler and laughs .
The short lead time was of course not enough to shift the center of life from Regensburg to Eggenfelden , reports the native
Currently she is with her husband , who works in Regensburg Richter at the district court , in looking of a suitable apartment or a house in town .
her husband was still able to apply for parental leave at short notice to ensure care of the two daughters ( 3 ½ and 1 ½ years old ) .
In order not to have to commute from Regensburg every day , she has for the time accommodation with her parents Dingolfing , the 39-year-old .
Growing up in , the city of Eggenfelden is of course familiar to her .
During visits on site with family in recent months , she discovered : Eggenfelden is a really beautiful small town &quot;
She was all the more pleased that she had made selection procedures for the vacancy the race .
Her homeland Lower Bavaria also plays a central role in Dr. Stefanie Kramer &apos;s professional profession : After studying law in Passau , she completed her traineeship and the 2nd in Regensburg
After several positions as a notary assesstor , including Rehau and Hof in Upper Franconia , Babenhausen in the Unterallgäu and Regensburg - during this time she also shouldered her docin the doctorate - she took her first position notary in Rotthalmünster district of Passau .
In 2016 , she went on parental leave , followed by her move to Regensburg .
Since then she has over representation services in various notary
When the job in Eggenfelden was advertised because of the approaching retirement of Lutz Feller , she had seen the right time for the full professional re-entry , the 39-year-old explains
The team predecgers team , who takes over the holiday representation in the , has taken over Dr. Stefanie Kramer and has a praise for the team of the law firm at : &quot; It is going super well ! &quot;
The fact that can rely on rehearsed processes makes it easier to take care of the upcoming relocation of the private center of life .
In terms of kindergarten or crib places , it already has with local facilities .
And if everything works , she hopes to be able to pursue her hobby here soon - and to get to know the most beautiful jogging routes of the Rottal .
plans with a maximum of 15,000 spectators
Dortmund The largest German football stadium in Dortmund will not even be filled at the start of the season in case of a fan return
&quot; Due to the distance control to be met , we are planning at 12,000 , &quot; said Borussia Dortmund &apos;s Carsten Cramer &quot; Tagesspiegel &quot; .
Normally , the arena of the district city holds just than 81,000 spectators at Bundesliga matches .
In the ghost games caused by the Corona pandemic season , BVB had lost four million per game .
The cramer responsible at the BVB for digitization and internationalization hopes that , in addition to the normal spectators , some of the approximately 4,000 in the area will be opened : &quot; It is , of course a blow into the office when revenue completely break completely &quot; .
In view of the ongoing Corona crisis , everyone is currently &quot; well advised to take a stable side length &quot; .
&quot; If companies are not doing well and 6.8 people are in short-time work alone , then the need is limited to entertainment &quot; , Cramer .
He praised the BVB professionals for their salary partial waiunciation , is should contribute to the crisis : &quot; Of course , they know that their salary waiver has a different effect than we put 100 people who work in merchandising on short-time work &quot; .
Tiny miracles : in with a few
Hardly heavier than a packer of butter , just tablespoon of blood in his entire body : that was Gabriel when he was born - he weighed exactly 273 grams .
Bub is one of about 400 premature ies , which are cared of at the Grazer .
A quarter of them weighs less than grams , one - like Gabriel and his brothers and Michael - are extreme lightweight with once a birth weight .
They are so small and born so that neither lungs , intestines nor muscles are complete .
Their skin is sometimes so delicate that they could hurt the electrodes of a ECG .
And are tiny that they sometimes wear doll clothing and specially made mini diapers .
But not so small that there were not with voice - &quot; and how &quot; , Berndt Urlesberger
&quot; Even if of course they don &apos;t scream quite loudly big &quot; .
When the whiteboard
Despite theattheatre in the classroom : shortly before the start , the 9th classes of the St. James in St. us Gymnasium in Abtsgmünd shortly before the start of the holiday .
Actress Sylvester from the Theater der Stadt Aalen presented the students the &quot; Das Heimatkleid &quot; - by video .
Afterwards , the students were able to exchange the actress and the Winfried about the piece and the .
The idea for the performance format from current Corona situation was born .
Teacher Teresa Nar was happy about that of teaching .
if in the end all parties involved agreed that the direct encounter in the theatre and stage space would offer stimms , the theatre also sees the potential for contact in the schools
&quot; If we further improve the technical framework that will be an interesting addition to the game , &quot; stressed director Winfried Tobias .
First round drawn : The TSV would meet Eintracht in the DFB-Pok
who qualify TSV 1860 for the DFB-Pokal , lions meet Eintracht Frankfurt in the first round .
the draw .
Munich - Sixty possible opponent in the first DFB Cup .
Meet the lions of a qualification at Eintracht Frankfurt .
This resulted in the draw on Sunday evening in the ARD sports show
Because the field of participants is yet complete due to the Corona pandemic , placeholders came to the draw .
Due to the voluntary renunciation of semi-final opponent Memmingen , TSV 1860 is already in the final the Bavarian ( 4 or 5 September ) .
There the lions meet either the Würzburger Kickers or Viktoria Aschaffenburg .
Should second division promoted Würzburg achieved this , sixty would already be qualified for the first round in the .
Otherwise , the Giesinger would have to prevail in the final against Regionalligist Aschaffenburg .
The round of the DFB Cup will be held between 11 and 14 September one week before the third division
&quot; verweht &quot; : Film legend Olivia de Havilland is
The film legend and Oscar winner Olivia de Havilland is dead .
She died of natural death on Sunday at the age of 104 , confirmed her spokeswoman of the German Press
He was known for role as Melanie Hamilton in the &quot; Gone with the WinWind &quot; ( ) .
As a child of British parents in Tokyo , Olivia Havilland moved to California as a toddler
The Austrian theatre man Max Reinhardt discovered that of the role of Hermia Shakespeare &apos;s Midsummer Night &apos;s Dream &quot; .
The Warner Brothers studio signed her for seven and brought them big alongside Eroll
She made films heart breakers .
In 1946 she won her first Oscar in the lead role &quot; To His Own &quot;
The film was shot in under the &quot; Mother &apos;s Heart &quot; .
Three years later , the award came as Best actress in William Wyller &apos;s &quot; The Heiress &quot;
She was also received much recognition as a neurotic eccentric in &quot; The Dark Mirror and &quot; .
Daphne du Maurier proposed her in 1952 for leading role in the film adaptation of her novel &quot; Cousin Rachel &quot; .
The play was a success .
With with longtime girlfriend Bette Davis she played in &quot; Lullaby for a corpse &quot; .
His marriage to the writer Marcus Goodrich ( 1946 to 1953 ) was the son Benjamin .
In Paris , de Havilland married journalist Pierre Paul Galante and had the daughter Gisèle with him
Marriage broke .
Rumors of an affair with former British Prime Minister Edward Heath were never confirmed
&quot; Road to Timmendorf &quot; : Beach volleyball : Thole / Winder Final at Comeb
The World Cup second Julius Thole and Clemens Wickler missed the final at the beach volleyball tournament &quot; Road to Timmendorf &quot; .
At the meeting of the top teams in Düsseldorf , they lost in the semifinals to their national team colleagues Nils Ehlers and Flüggen with : 2 ( 17 : 21 , : 17 , 21 ) .
Most recently , Thole / Wickler played in September of the World Tour Final in Rome .
In the final on the Rhine , their conquerors / fluggen surprise team Lukas Pfretschner and his interim partner van de Velde suffered a defeat with 2 ( 17 : 21 17 : 21 ) .
In addition to the show tournament three played for the German championships at the beginning of September in Timmendorfer Strand : the tickets secured Armin Dollinger / Simon Kulzer , Manuel Harms / Richard Peemüller and Simon Pfretschner / Milan Sie
Kalbitz ejection from AfD confirmed - FDP speaks of fig leaf .
Exclusion of Andreas Kalbitz from the AfD is from the perspective of the FDP is only a &quot; fig leaf &quot; and does not change the character of the party
&quot; The AfD is the parliamentary arm of right-wing extremists in Germany .
Kalbitz is only part of the tip of iceberg of the radicals in the AfD , &quot; said the FDP interior politician Benjamin Strasser of the dpa in Berlin .
on Saturday D Stuttgart confirmed the AfD confirmed Kalbhours in Stuttgart confirmed the exclusion Kalbitz , which the Federal Board had decided by a majority in May .
is chairman of the AfD parliamentary group in the Brandenburger Landtag .
&quot; If the AfD really were about consistently ting right-wing extremists consistently from their party , Björn Höcke and his had long have been expelled &quot; , Strasser .
However , there is no political will for this in the AfD , because right-wing extremism is now becoming the party &quot; .
Similarly , CSU General Secretary Markus Blume said : &quot; The fact that Andreas Kalbitz is now excluded now does not change anything , &quot; he told the &quot; world on Sunday &quot; .
&quot; Rather , it speaks volumes how many frenetic supporters a right-wing extremist still in the middle of the AfD . &quot;
Blume assthat the AfD will land up less than five percent in elections in elections in the future .
The days of the AfD in the parliaments are counted &quot; .
Kalbitz was one of the spokesmen of the meanwhile dissolved &quot; wing around the Thuringian AfD state group chairman Björn ; the Protection of the Constitution classifies the coronation as &quot; secured right-wing extremist aspiration &quot; .
In May , the AfD federal board Kalbitz was thrown out of the party .
As the reason he stated that Kalbitz had not stated in his former membership in the now banned far-right &quot; German Youth &quot; ( HDJ ) and with the Republicans .
Kalbitz denies the membership of the .
The chairman ft-left group in the Brandenburg Landtag of Sebastian Walter , and the decision of the Federal Arbral Court also did not change the character AfD : &quot; The wolf has only eaten chalk .
The AfD remains a far-right party , whether with or without Kalbal &quot; .
Neither this decision becomes the federal party nor the right wing .
&quot; is the Meuten troop .
One wants to escape further observation by the Protection of the Constitution and to get through under the radar , Walter .
&quot; The AfD the ghosts , she called , not go .
Ejection does not yet change yet , &quot; commented the Brandenburg SPD Secretary-General Decision in the Kalbitz case .
&quot; Here , the AfD Landesassociation held the faction to its right-wing leader to this day &quot; .
The legal dispute over Kalbitz &apos;s membership in the AfD will
He announced on Saturday that he would take action against those of the Federal Arbral Court .
North Sea wind farms supply a good 21 percent more electricity
The wind power plants on the German fed 11.51 terawatt hours of electricity into the grid in the first six months of the year .
This is a good 21 percent more than in the same period of the previous year , the network operator in Bayreuth
Tennet is responsible for the transmission of the North Sea electricity to the mainland and the forwarding through the German electricity grid .
The wind turbines on the Baltic Sea , which are not part of Tennet grid area , have fed another 2.22 terawatt hours ( TWh of electricity .
Overall , the wind power from the North and Baltic Sea thus comes to 13.73 TWh compared to a good 11.64 TWh in the first half of 2019 .
The wind harvest at sea thus accounts for almost 19 percent of the total wind electricity in Germany ; these are about four more than a year ago .
New wind farms provide higher
The increased contribution of offshore wind energy , in addition to wind conditions from higher because wind farms have gone to the grid in the past twelve months .
If the 1270 wind power plants in the North Sea were all full of power at same time , they could generate 6.7 electricity in cally .
The transmission capacity is sufficient for this ; according to Tennet , it is 7.1 gigawatt .
It is expected to rise to 17 gigawatts in the German .
&quot; In Germany and the Netherlands , we are investing up to 20 euros in expanding our offshore grid connections , said Tennis Managing Director Meyerjürgens .
In reality , wind farms can cannot capacity at capacity , but reach 40 percent .
The previous record day this year is 2 January , when the North Sea wind farms generated more than six gigawatts of electricity .
On average , the approximately 2.5 to 3.0 gigawatts of electricity , which corresponds to three to four nuclear power plants .
This could almost seven million with electricity .
Art &quot; Skirmish &quot; - an exhibition Leipzig artist Christian Bold at the Galerie des Gmünder Kunstverein
This was almost a small anniversary celebration for the 130
Birthday of the Gmünder Kunstverein : The &quot; Skirmish &quot; with works by the Leipzig artist Bold blew up the usual frame after the Corona break .
Much more than usual pursued the between artist and that of the Kunstverein , Dr. Ripper
The musical equivalent was the band &quot; Defenders of the Universe &quot; on the southern Kornhausplatz .
North of the gallery is the &quot; Sandtogether &quot; .
: cancelled because of Corona
The Windbergfest does not take place this year .
The city of Freital cancelled the three-day festival planned in September .
In other years , over 30,000 people had visited this city
&quot; We have truly not made it easy for decide - in aware of how difficult it is for the involved - hoped until the last minute &quot; , Lord Mayor Uwe Rumberg ( non-partisan ) .
But ultimately , as organiz, we are responsible for the health of many thousands of people &quot;
If tens of thousands of had flocked to the fixed ground and into marquee , minimum distances , hygiene regulations would not have been contact tracking in accordance with the current Corona protection regulation .
Or the restrictions would have been so strong that not much would have been left for a folk festival .
In addition , the organizational and monitoring effort would increase disproportionately many times over .
Rumberg consoled next year .
Then the city of Freital will celebrating its 100th anniversary , including with the Winterbergfest from 7 to 9 May 2021 and the Saxony from 10 to September 2021 .
Dressage Olympic champion Werth in Achleiten not to beat
Achleiten - six time Olympic champion Isabell Werth was outstanding rider at the dressage tournament in Achleiten , Austria
The 51-year-old from Rheinberg made four victories on the weekend .
After she had a Prix with Weihegold and Quantaz , she was not atable on Sunday in the Grand Prix Special and in the freestyle .
the 15-year-old mare Weihegold prevailed on Sunday Special against the Austrian Victoria Max-Theurer on Abegglen .
Also in the freestyle , the Germans clearly on Quantaz clearly before their 34-year-old student .
Wer&apos;s winning horse Quantaz belongs to Max-Theurer .
The most successful dressage rider world is expected to be the ten-year-old in the Grand Prix .
For Quantaz it was the first freestyle ever .
Already at the first tournament in three weeks ago Werth had all the important four
The last of the three international tournaments is planned for 14 to 16 August
More air traffic controllers in Worms Worfuture
The University of Worms continues into the skies : DFS Deutsche Flugsicherung is donates a professorship for &quot; Air Traffic Management &quot; .
A corresponding contract between the university and DFS has now been signed in Worms .
The contract was initially concluded for three years and starts in 2021 .
With the professorship , it is possible to enable the start of studies not only in summer , but also in the winter semester
This means that twice as many students can be trained as before .
the capacities are both and DFS are zed
The DFS will advise the university on the establishment and occupation of the professor
Represented at the university since 2019
Since the summer semester 2019 , the first framework of her training as air traffic controller at the Worms University of Applied Sciences in the course of Air Traffic Management .
This year , nine students
DFS DFexperiences are very positive , the achievements of the students are excellent
The combination of studies and pilot training makes a significant contribution to further increasing that of the pilot profession .
&quot; In these it is not easy for us .
However , we firmly expect that air traffic to recover and grow again in the long term .
In order to be able to meet our legal in the future , we need high , &quot; says Professor Klaus-Dieter Scheurle , Chairman Managing Director of DFS at the contract .
&quot; For DFS , the endowed professorship is an investment that provide air controllers with a broad , interdisciplinary knowledge base in the long term .
We therefore continue good cooperation with the university and at the same time underpin our attractiveness as an employer .
This is underlined Professor Dr. Jens Hermsdorf , President of Worms University of Applied Sciences : &quot; This is an important bridge between science and .
We would like to build on the existing cooperation with DFS Deutsche Flugsicherung as a practical partner for a dual bachelor &apos;s programme in Air Traffic Management &quot; .
The trust of the German Air Control is the motivation and obligation for Worms of Applied Sciences to further expand its teaching research expertise in the future fields of air transport
In use for the air traffic controllers of tomorrow university with the first endowed professorship dual study program , very special highlights set innovative priorities for students .
Dr. Denis , Ministry of Science , Continuing and Culture , emphasises : Worms University of Applied Sciences has a unique selling point selling point in Rhineland-Palatinate .
Today &apos;s signing of the cooperation agreement strengthens the profile of the university .
Rescue screwdriver lands on the A 45
About 30 minutes , the A 45 motorway was fully closed on Saturday afternoon towards Aschaffenburg , as after one of the rescue icopters were in use .
A 76-year-old drove straight of a Ford at 12.40 a.m. in the exit of the bend and landed on the guardrail .
Due to the impact , the front tairbags triggered , the driver suffered minor injuries on the face and had to be taken to a hospital for treatment .
Those of the 72-year-olds were treated for emergency doctor and the patient was flown to a hospital .
At the moment , the police assassume that there is a danger of life .
The damaged vehicle , on which one of about 2000 euros had to be built
Check salvation by meat industry
This brought to light the conditions in the meat industry .
Legisltighations are imminent
But are they right - and will it remain
Federal Labour Minister Hubertus ( SPD wants to check industries according to the strict regulations against grievances in meat industry
&quot; will look at the industry for industry and suitable measures for the respective industry if necessary &quot; , Heil der Germans in Berlin .
Germany is already warn against restricting works contracts in general .
After the Corona eruption at the meat giant Tönnies in , the Federal Cabinet wants to pass a law of salvation this Wednesday this Wednesday .
Large slaughterhouses should no longer allowed to use external personnel in slaughter , decomposition and meat processing .
To this end , the use of work contracts and temporary workers there is be banned there .
Employer &apos;s President Kramer said : &quot; Finger away from a general and employee leave if you want to strangle the economy &quot; .
Factory contracts are for example , are the basis for wide areas of the crafts , the construction industry and plant construction plant construction at the customer .
&quot; The misakes of individuals cannot destroy such an important instrument &quot; .
insured : The goal is not to ban everywhere in the German economy &quot;
Work contracts make sense .
If an industrial company instructs a craftsman to install a safety system , this is a normal work contract &quot;
The German meat industry considers a ban on and alone in its unconstitutional
not explainable why other labour law should apply to and packaging in the future than sausst , says a statement , as the &quot; Neue Osnabrücker Zeitung ( ) reports
For one , the consumer price would be 10 to 20 percent kilos
In ften ly Eastern European from plant contraccompanies in according to the results of one of the NRW occupsafety administration partly 16 hours a day .
they had no break .
Wage has been withtained for protective equipment or rent .
It was also noted that the situation at the accommodation of employees was often miserable .
Heil said that a sharp law came into force for the meat industry in 2017 .
&quot; tricky constructions &quot; were bypassed
&quot; must be fundamentally tidy &quot; .
The politician : &quot; Occupational Safety Act , which want to decide at the end of July are that not only concern the meat industry - for example , higher test rates in occupational safety or clear criteria for Community accommodation &quot; .
The draft before the dpa includes amendments to the Act on Securing Workers &apos; Rights in the MeIndustry and the Occupational Safety and Health Act .
Brandenburg &apos;s Minister of Consumer Protection Ursula Nonnemacher ( ) considers more intensive controls .
&quot; I would like we to be able to even more controls in many supervisory areas : food controls , animal welfare , all possible , animal transport , &quot; said Nonnemacher on in the RBB show &quot; Brandenburg aktuell &quot;
But more controls also require staff
Three dead in the crash of ultralight aircraft in Germany
In the crash of an ultralight aircraft on an apartment building in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia according to police three people died .
A child was slightly injured .
Two more people were rescued in the misfortune , one of the Wesel .
According to the accident , a parachute was found , according to the police
The &quot; Rheinische Post &quot; reported appeal to eyewitnesses that this had lided with a hot air balloon crash .
The house is a or two-family house .
Further details were not known .
of Frankfurter Opernplatz
A week after the in Frankfurt also the eviction of the night Sunday
Finally a few dozen on the square , him before the start of the curfew at 1 o &apos;clock .
Police were in use since the early evening with numerous , entire city area was a larger police squad .
For the first time this weekend from midnight , a ban on ban for the opera square , where it was riots week ago .
Policemen had been attacked out of the crowd of celebrants out with bottles .
At least five officers were injured after police entries , and several police vehicles were damaged .
The night was also calm
Car flips over : Young woman seriously injured in an accident on Bundesstraße 83 at Hofgeismar
In an accident between Schöneberg and Hümme , a 21-year-old suffered serious injuries on Sunday at 1.25 p.m .
She was taken to the Klinikum Kassel .
With thermal imaging cameras , the fire brigade was looking for possible passengers .
According to the police , the woman was on the road towards mme towards her place of residence , when her car came away more unexplained from it and overover several times .
In order to save the accident , the fire brigade had to cut the roof of the
Since it was unclear whether was still the vehicle , the adjacent corn field was searched from the rotary ladder with a thermal imaging camera .
The drone squadron out , which also works with thermal imaging cameras , was also ordered for person search .
However , the emergency ers found no anyone between the high corn plants .
The seriously injured was taken with the ambulance to the Kassel clinic for further care .
50 volunteers of the fire brigade Hofgeismar , Hümme and were on site .
The main road was closed because of the accident hours
Juventus Turin Champion in Italy
Turin - After a redeeming goal by Cristiano Ronaldo record champion Juventus Turin secured the Italian championship for the ninth time in series .
The five-time world football player made the 36th Scudetto of the club history with a 2 – 0 ( 1-0 ) on Sunday evening in the home game Sampdoria Genoa .
Ronaldo scored 1 – 0 before the
With 83 points , Turin , which without the last long injured ex-national player Sami Khedira , to displace more of second place at the end of the Serie A .
The Inter Milan is seven back .
Juventus was harmless despite optical superiority in the first half then Ronaldo met after a free kick variant of the last action .
One of the 35-year-old 5-year-old from the penalty area limit with one ( 45th + 7 .
Ronaldo was also involved in the 2 : 0 against the more offensive guests , after his shot Federico Bernardeschi ( 667 . ) dusted away .
This secured the lackluster , but decisive success .
The foulelmeter shot at the latte in 89th minute may have bought Ronaldo himself with a view to the Torjhunter classification .
&quot; It &apos;s complicated to stay mentally and physically for 90 minutes at ball
The games are strange , and the momentum changes very slightly , &quot; coach Maurizio explained after the 1 : 2 at Udinese Calcio am .
Before the mental exhaustion of his was great , the juve coach said
Because of the defeat , the Turin had still the championship perfectly
Juve owe the sassuring lead at the top the top of the table to the weakness of the competitors .
In the eleven games before the match on Sunday , the Sarriteam were only five wins .
Whether Ronaldo also becomes top scorer is questionable .
While the Portuguese superstar scored 31 goals so far , the former Dortmund Ciro Immobile has already 34 on his account after his pack of the 5 : 1 ( 1 : 1 ) of the fourth Lazio Rome at Hellas Verona - just as Lewandowski contributed title win of Bayern .
The current juve professional Gonzalo Higuaín .
The Argentine scored 36 goals Naples in the 2015 – 2016 season .
In August on &quot; Old Lady &quot; of Italian football the next title
Juventus is in the round of 16 of the Champions League to make for a 0 first page on 7 August against Olympique Lyon to reach the final tournament in Lisbon .
In the next , Real Madrid or Manchester City would wait opponents .
Baden-Württemberg : Over 250 illegal
Stuttgart - All threatened penalties and gas ate ists in countless illegal races on the Baden-Württemberg streets : Last year , the first four months of this year , the police have already registered more than 250 illegal car races .
There are no comparable values for those , but the speazers are increasingly work judicial authorities : the prosecutors offices of Konstanz and Mannheim were a total of 155 investigations in the year for illegal races , a year later it was already 252 and in the current year until the beginning of 151
In the races it less about organized events , as can be seen from the response of the Ministry of the Interior to a request from the Landtag -SPD .
In most cases , the drivers have eted against each other or they had fled from the police also this will also considered an illegal race .
The wheel was mainly German men between the ages of 18 and 60
113 fines - times imprison
in comparatively few cases , the speazers are caught and cash out are asked : According to the Ministry of the Interior , a total of 113 have been imposed since 2018 15 prison sentences have imposed since 2018 .
However , there is no evidence that the illegal car races are actually increasing .
Rather because of the several tragic accidents and processes of past years more sensitive than before and indicated , a sperial spokesman said .
Again and again , drivers brake the traffic in order to get themselves and use the free track for a race .
Last August , a dozen riders were caught near Kirchheim unter Teck , three months earlier there were even 18 riders on the at Merklingen .
A81 is the most popular &quot;
On the A81 registered even more races than other federal highway .
With a speed limit , attempts are made to slow down the speeders on the particularly affected section between Engen and Geisingen .
The mostly high-priced and pewed sports and luxury cars often have Swiss license plates , drivers due of the high penalties for too fast driving and car racing in the neighbouring country to dothe lawn
For the SPD , the speed limit must not be reduced to a few distances : &quot; With a general limit of kilometres per hour , we would create this problem from motorbodies , &quot; says Martin Rivoir of the transport expert
&quot; That would be much higher would be Raser if you could not be legally here and there with kilometers per hour per more &quot; .
Rivoir considers less of enlightenment or image campaigns : &quot; Anywho disregards everyone in such a way and puts on their own , but also of other road users , is hardly accessible with reason &quot; .
ADAC calls for stronger crackdown of the
On the other hand , this is not enough for the ADAC : &quot; We expect Raser to detereter from the speed limits , &quot; says Holger Bach , Head of Transport and the Environment at ADAC Württemberg
He additional and also harder controls on the affected
Not infrequently , the high-speed showof strength becomes painful and momentous serious : January 2019 to April 2020 , three people died throughout the races , including two unparticipants in a crash of Stuttgart city center and one in Gerlingen .
two young men are said to have a car race in November .
One of the vehicles came off from the road , ashed one and remained the , the 18-year-old passenger died
21 more people have been injured in the races of the past two years
In the opinion of Interior Minister Thomas , however , sharpenter penalties are not necessary : &quot; Legislisative need for action in order sanction illegal motor vehicle races harder is not seen , &quot; says the paper of the Ministry of the Interior .
Blue light from 23 July : Thirsty burglar steals drinks
Rohrdorf : A man broke into a snack on Thursday in Rohrdorf ( Calw ) and has drinks and stolen
A witness heard sounds around the clock in the Talstraße ran towards the snack
There he noticed a man who was at the fridge with drinks and the snack afterwards through a previously entrance door
The perpetrator fled towards the meadows behind .
According to the police , the burglar also used checkout and stole cash in the low three-digit range
The suspect is described as follows : is about 1.75 to 1.80 meters tall and of a strong stature .
he wore a black hoodie , black trousers and bright shoes
The police accept further witnesses
sprint to at Sibiu Tour
Proclist Pascal Ackermann won his second victory of the day on the stage of the 10th Sibiu .
The 26 -year-old of Bora-hansgrohe prevailed on the 109 kilometre long with start and finish in Sibiu in the mass sprint , he had already won at one stage .
It the three and four Ackermann .
In the overall classification , his Austrian team mate Gregor Mühlberger prevailed .
The 26-year-old had confidently decided the mountain time trial in the morning and thus took over the top in the class .
still 104 riders had eted for the final stage in the evening .
No less than starters had fallen victim to the time limit in the mountain time trial .
&quot; I really happy to start the season restart of a victory , &quot; had explained after his success .
&quot; The sprint was really hectic , &quot; said the 26-year-old .
300 meters from the finish simply attracted his &quot; and it also worked out perfectly &quot; .
According to the rules World Association UCI , a Corona test was carried out all racing participants and their companions six days before the start of the race .
of the entire tour , drivers and in isolated hygiene bubbles were separated from the organizational team as well as from the media
Viewers at start and finish were not allowed
Head center gave instruction on amateur resuscitation
Düsseldorf Tragic accident on Sunday afternoon in Düsseldorf-Garath .
an apartment house , a child ( 4 ) lay lifeless in the water while bathing .
According to the fire brigade , the emergency went at just before 13
&quot; immediately gave instructions for layateur resuscitation , a firefgter man said to BILD .
The arriving rescue workers took over later .
The floating child was transported to the university clinic .
Why it was unclear .
The police have routinely started the investigation into the accident .
The fire spokesman : &quot; We start from tragic accident in &quot; .
Nuremberg : Unapproved - police intervene , 700 vehicles and around 1,
Hundreds of cars and temporarily over 1000 people participated in a tuning meeting Saturday night &quot; in the parking lot of a furniture
The police implemented her to control such events .
A big tuning meeting came on Saturday evening ( 25 July ) in Südstadt .
Several hundred vehicles were involved .
According to police Middle Franconia , at 10.30 p.m. , an increased volume of the Nuremberg was Nuremberg in the area of one in Ingolstädter Straße .
the police carried out a large number of vehicle controls there
Only recently had the police announced that they to take so-called autoposers .
Illegal tuning meeting in Nuremberg : Only a small part from the &quot; scene &quot;
The officials counted the top a good 700 vehicles and about 1100 people .
Only a small part of this can be assigned to that to the &quot; autoposer &quot; and tuning scene .
Apparently , most of the relevant scene followed lied the police
Based on the vehicles and people on site , it be assumed that these were mostly onlookers .
In addition , the majority of those present adhered to the applicable infection protection regulations , adhercompliance with the minimum distance and wearing a mouth-nose protection .
The on-site control measures were ended at around 1 : 00 a.m .
In total , the officials found such structural changes in 10 vehicles that the operating licence had expired .
Four of these vehicles had to be ensured .
No
There were no illegal car races .
&quot; The Police headquarters conFranPolice ia will keep an eye on the events and continues to carry out increased control measures , also in connection with the advent of onlookers , &quot; said .
The agency News5 spoke to Jürgen Schrödinger of the towing company involved : &quot; They all have beautiful ones , we must not , according to Schrödinger .
Special tapes would be used for this purpose .
Even the cars are wider , the company has to pay attention not to make any .
&quot; Young people should get their cars back without scathed .
Figures Employment agency : 900 suspicion cases of abuse in short-time work
Berlin - The Federal Employment Agency BA ) is investigto around 900 susppiccases of abuse in short-time worker money .
&quot; This is extremely little for more than 880,000 companies that have reported short-time work , &quot; said Daniel Terzenbach responsible for the operating business , of the &quot; Allgemeine Zeitung &quot;
When many companies would have short-time work at the beginning of the Corona crisis , BA had to react quickly .
Usually the test takes three weeks .
&quot; So time was available in this hot phase .
This is how we will look at final invoills .
There will certainly be a lot
We are not naive and have a long breath &quot;
Indications of abuse would often come from affected employees or trade unions .
In addition , the BA uses analysis software to detect abuse patterns .
According to Terzenbach , the BA is preparing for a possible wave of insolvency in autumn .
&quot; Will there be significantly more insolvencies than in the previous year ?
The assessments differ , but we prepare for the case of the case and are already train our employees in the applications for processing applications &quot; .
The figures are still inconspicuous , said Terzenbach .
World Heritage in Potsdam : Party in the New Garden dissolved
Potsdam - On Friday evening about 40 young people celebrated a party in the New Garden
The collection was dissolved at the clock by the ierfahrer Preußische Schlösser und Gärten ( SPSG ) , Stiftung announced on PNN request .
They left the park .
On Saturday evening , some young people had played rugby in the New Garden .
The meadow was evcleared by territorial drivers , said SPSG spokesman Frank on Sunday
Again and again illegal in the parks
In the of the foundation there are always accumulations in which the distance and hygiene rules Covid-19 contact Ordinance are not complied with .
At the end of June there was a celebration with people in the Babelsberg Park , a week later about people celebrated in the New Garden .
Even without coronaverarrangement , the parks are closed at nightfall .
The camp on the meadows is prohibited according to the park regulations , there are only few exceptions .
The foundation has been complaining for a long time that visitors would always leave garbage and destroy protected biotopes .
In Berlin , illegal park parties have a dimension .
In the Hasenheide in the district of Neuködistrict , 5,000 people celebrated an illegal techno party on the night of Sunday
The event was disbanded by the police .
Austria : Mass tests after tourist resort
With hundreds of authorities have responded to one in the popular Wolfgang
The number of cases increased 48 , like the state authorities in Linz .
More than results were pending in the evening .
Accordingly , many of the young people in tourism establishments , but at least one holiday guest are positive .
Residents ants Guests and tourism staff were asked to stay in their on Saturday evening .
The curfew was set clock .
&quot; There are cancand there cancellations and cancellations of bookings , said the head of the tourism Board , Hans Wieser , the dpa .
They were also left prematurely .
St. Wolfgang is the most important tourist resort in Upper Austria , with more than 400,000 nights per year .
In a normal , about a third of the guests are German
On Friday , the first infections had become publicly known .
The head of the district authority , Alois Lanz , defended on Saturday the behavior of interns who had celebrated in several and might have infected there .
&quot; We all did that in our youth , &quot; said
However , two bars were closed on Friday to prevent further
The Tourist Board launched an information campaign to raise young employees aware of the dangers of Covid-19
From Saturday , hundreds of employees , locals , were tested .
In addition , all guests who were in St. Wolfgang from July were contacted .
The eruption awokens memories of the Austrian ski and party resort Ischgl in Tyrol , which was in the early phase of a center of the Corona spread throughout Europe .
In total , more than 1500 people are currently infected with the virus
in the new infections are Vienna and Vienna and
Premier League : Man United and Chelsea qualified for Champions
( dpa ) - The English football record champion Manchester United returned to the Champions League after a year of absence .
Red Devils secured third in the Premier League of the Premier League with a 2 0 – 0 ) direct competival Leicester City .
The foxes must now be content with the Europa League because the FC still passed by and qualified as the premier class .
In the fight against the descent , Aston Villa was allowed to cheer .
Manchester took the lead by a penalty kick by Bruno ( 71st minute ) .
a red card for Leicester City in the extra season , Lingard ( 90th + 8 ) reached the final .
Chelsea , Champions League quarof 16 opponent of Bayern won thanks to Mason Mount + 1 ) and Olivier ( 45th + 4 ) parallel with 2-0 ( 2 0 against Wolverhampton Wanderers
&quot; That great lot told me coach Frank , who also the FA Cup against Arsenal in his first season as Chelsea coach .
Tottenham Hotspur also benefited from victory over Wolverhampton , who passed the Wolves with a lean 1 – 1 ( 1 : 0 ) and starts sixth in the Europa League .
Aston Villa decided the distance duel with Watford FC Bournemouth , but had to tremble for West Ham United at West Ham United .
The late leadership of Jack Grealish ( 84 was immediately ated Andrey Yarmolenko ( 85 . ) .
But the 1 : 1 ( 0 : ) was enough because Watford was 2 : 3 ( 1 : 3 ) at Arsenal
The club , scashed three coaches in the season , relegated after five first division years .
Exactly Bournemouth , who could not save herself by a 3-1 ( 2 : 1 ) on Everton .
At the end
Liverpool , who has been English champion since the end of June , secured a 3 – 1 ( 1 – 1 ) at Newcastle United
99 counters are the value the Reds have ever achieved in one .
Coach Jürgen Klopp with his team just missed the point record
Manchester City holds the record with 100 points of the 2017 – 18 season .
After the first minute , Virgil van Dijk ( 38th ) , Divock Origi ( 59th ) and Sadio Mané ( 89th ) played the game for Liverpool .
&quot; For this wonderful club it was an extraordinary season , &quot; said van Dijk after the game , &quot; that should spire us to defend the title .
It will be difficult &quot; .
In the end , the Premier League bosses were satisfied .
the Coronavirus crisis was interrupted in England from 13 to 17 June .
In the meantime , even premature demolition or a of the remaining games on ground was discussed .
After all , the season could be played without special - but as in Germany without a spectators in the stadiums
Arrests and violence in demonstrations against Netany
The protests in Israel against Prime Minister Netanyahu are becoming fierce .
During the night there were violent clashes .
The Israeli police took action at night Sunday in Jerusalem against participants of one against Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu .
Twelve people were arrested for participate in riots , police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld
The police put other water cannons , the rally
On Saturday evening , around 6,000 people had gathered near Netanyahu &apos;s official seat .
They protested against , corruption and Netanyahu &apos;s handling with the Corona crisis .
The protesters beat drums , in horns and called on Netanyahu to resign .
One was arrested who supported Netanyahu , reported the news page &quot; ynet &quot; .
Many other places in Israel also demonstrated people , including in front of the head of government &apos;s private villa in the coastal city of Caesarea and in a park in Tel Aviv .
A man after arrested near Tel Aviv because it is suspected of having sprayed a moving car pepper spray on demonstrators .
A man was arrested after a knife attack on a demonstrator in the south of the .
The protator was slightly injured on the neck .
In Jerusalem and Tel there have recently been several demonstrations against Netanyahu .
The rallies accompany the corruption process against the
Most recently , Netanyahu was also criticized for his handling of the Corona crisis .
He is accused of premature loosening and a lack of a second Corona wave .
The Corona crisis has made it difficult to the country &apos;s economy .
The unemployment rate was more than 20 percent
The number of new infections in Coronavirus in Israel recently rose to ever new record
Accident at Ahlen ( NRW ) - Transporter crashes on car - nine injured - Ruhr area - Bild
Ahlen - A rear-end licaused nine minor injuries on Saturday afternoon on the B58 at Ahlen .
A driver was with her children ( 3 , 5 ) towards Beckum .
Police &quot; Probably she suddenly slowed down because she wanted to turn &quot; .
The driver of a Mercedes transporter who drove behind her must have seen late .
He crashed on the car at the back
In the accident , three occupants were injured in the car and six in the transporter .
Several ambulances took her to a surrounding hospital .
North Korea loels border city after Corona suspicion
North Korea has so far in its own measures to defend the coronavirus &quot; luminous success
Now the country reports on one for the first time .
Due to the first official Corona suspicion in the country , North Korea has completely sealed off out of fear of a catastropbig city .
Despite the strictest epidemiological defensive measures over the past six months , &quot; the malicious virus may have been introduced to the country &quot; , the state media .
The state of emergency had been imposed for the border town of Kaesong .
The communist leadership the highest .
If the suspicion is confirmed , it would be the first official infection case with Sars-CoV-2 in the isolated country .
North Korea had not yet registered a single infection and described its defensive as a &quot; luminous success &quot;
The information was doubted abroad .
The disease symptoms were reportedly stated noted in a &quot; that crossed military demarcation line between South North Korea on July 19 .
The person resigned to South Korea three years ago had now returned the border .
For the border crossing within the four kilometwide and largely reduced military buffer zone , there was initially no confirmation from South Korea .
South Korea &apos;s military , according to reports from the national news agency Yonhap , as high the possibility of an illegal border crossing to North Korea .
It involves investigations on some people
North Korea own statements on Saturday because of the suspicion an emergency meeting of the Politburo of the Labour Party chaired by ruler Kim Jong Un .
The &quot; dangerous situation in Kaesong could trigger a deadly and destructive catastrophe .
Kim had already ordered on Friday as a preventive measure to &quot; isolate esong completely to isolate every district and region from others &quot; , it continues .
The person concerned as well as all people in Kaesong who had contact with her had been quarantined .
The central of the party should therefore investigate the &quot; outbreak case &quot; and the conduct of the responsible military unit and , if necessary , impose a sh punishment .
It is estimated that about 300,000 people live in .
City-Ost and noise protection are still discussion before summer break
&quot; In addition to environmental issues , committee members will also vote on the development plan for the major Innenstadtentwicklung-Ost project , &quot; says the middle section of the municipal press release on the municipal council meeting on Tuesday , 28 July , at 4.30 p.m. in the Great Hall of Pforzheim .
Especially the eastern city controversial until the end .
The majorities for this are scarce , most recently in individual even depending on the presence .
An appeal from the economy ( construction real estate , trade and IT ) , the project developed from the citizenship and then by administration and the municipal council not fail after almost ten years of preparation , crized project opponent Reinhard Klein as &quot; extra-parliamentary opposition &quot; , &quot; speculation &quot; , &quot; deigation and &quot; deliberate false statements &quot; .
&quot; Everyone to know it &quot; says , who has belonged to the municipal council for a year as the only representative of the Pforzheim list for a year .
In fact , after the treaties in this : &quot; I know what I &apos;m talking about &quot; .
The exit of the city comes cheaper the Technical town Hall is contrary to statements of the city administration , of whose existence Klein is convinced for 8.5 million euros .
This will develop differently from one in the town hall and on the part of the proponents from business .
The city to design its own strength and not an investor : That its plan B. One day after , FDP / FW / UB / LED faction , which also rejects the project , alternative
It also provides visages the renovation of the town hall , the open closure of the , the rental of the ex-valley for administrative areas and a small-part inner center transformation in ideally with local carriers
Environmental issues play central
In addition , environmental issues become a central role .
Among other things , the municipal council will vote on the noise action plan .
This includes various measures to protect the population from health noise pollution , caused by road traffic , including temporary reduction .
In a press release , the local transport club of Germany welcomes the widespread introduction of speed of 30 . those responsible in the city are not innocent of this must come because they have only contributed to massive car traffic and noise by neglect bus thinned intervals and through little for cycling , according to the VCD .
The municipal council also votes on the participation of the City of Energy and Climate Protection Agency Pforzheim / Enzkreis
In addition , the agenda is accession to the country &apos;s climate protection pact , the redefinition of parental contributions in the urban daycare institutions and the application for inclusion to the federal government &apos;s smart city funding .
Citizens are welcome , but they to heed Corona protection measures .
Tim Zimmermann starts the new season with a lot of delay
With half a year of delay , Tim Zimmermann starts start his premiere season ADAC GT Masters on 31 July .
Before the league of supercars can take up regular operation , the first test drives were now due .
For Zimmermann , it was about getting to know his Lamborghini Huracan GT3 .
The Corona crisis has long a time prevented Zimmermann from tackling his first service in the new Lamborghini Grasser
this was now possible .
The 23-year-old Langenargener turned his first on the Lausitzring and was able to get used to the premiere in the GT3 car .
&quot; There are already a few things that are different from the Porsche , &quot; says Zimmermann .
With ABS , for example it has to go differently cur
But it was really fun &quot; .
Zimmermann also had fun with Steijn , with whom he will share his orange sports car in the GT Masters .
Despite his Dutchman has experienced in GT sports despite his only 25 years and was able to help his teammmate many things
&quot; Not a beginner in motorsport , but every new series also brings ails new challenges &quot; , Zimmermann .
&quot; Steijn and I get dazzling and we have also made enormous progress from session to session at Lausitzring .
Exactly there - at Lausitzring - the GT Masters will also host its first race .
From July , the 33 supercars will race through Lusatia .
Zimmermann , who is one of 15 series ers knows the track
2015 was last in Motod.
&quot; It worked quickly I had to get used to the track , &quot; says Zimmermann , who starts for the Friedrichshafen racing community Graf Zeppelin .
&quot; Lausitzring has many fast passages that you have to hit optimally to be fast &quot; .
As really is , this turns out in two weeks
&quot; Of course , the teams poker it a little , &quot; he says .
&quot; In the end , they are very and look forward to the first weekend at Lausitzring &quot; .
Race in Brandenburg will be the start of a crowa calendar .
Seven races will be scheduled by the beginning of November .
The the moment is that no viewers will be allowed - but gives a prominent guest .
August at the Nürburgring becomes former Formula 1 driver Niko Hülkenberg into the GT steering wheel .
Transport Minister of quarantine decision cold
According to press government , the decision to put Spanish holidaymakers under weeks after their return has according to press reports , has caught the country &apos;s transport minister of transport .
Accordingly , Grant Shapps is currently on holiday , while his colleagues decided on the measure at home on Saturday .
Because of the resagain rising Corona figures , the cabinet in London removed land from the list of those from whom entry quarantine requirements is possible .
The new regulation applies from today , Sunday , so Shapps will also have to quarantine after his return .
In Austria , government has also imposed quarantine measures on returnees .
But the regulation applies to those who are just on holiday , only from , August , and was not introduced overnight .
By the way , Spain is so far regarded considered one of the &quot; safe countries &quot; for which no quarantine Austria is needed
&quot; Ministers knew in advance that there was a possibility that quarantine on holidaymakers on be Spain , Labour MEP Diane Abbot
&quot; But apparently no one has made the effort to tell Grant Shapps &apos;s &quot; .
Less under a month after the end of the Corona emergency in Spain and the expiry of the curfew , the number of infection in the country is increasing again .
Virologists mainly blame the nightlife for the renewed
Spain is one of the favourite holiday countries of the British .
The British government is currently advising against unnecessary travel to Spanish , with British holidaymakers particularly popular Canary Islands and Balearic Islands are excluded .
To date , more than 272,000 infections have been registered with the novel Coronavirus and more than 28,000 aths in Spain .
Russia : Navy Day announces hypersonic weapons for warships
Russian President Vladimir Putin announced on the Day announced his country an equipment of warships with the most modern hypersonic weapons .
With these weapons unique in the world , the possibilities fighting possibilities of the Russian naval forces would extended , on the Sunday in St. Petersburg at the central naval Parade .
According to Interfax , the Ministry of Defense also informed about successful tests of the hypersonic missile built for the Navy .
The hyperpersonic weapons have many multiple of the speed of sound of around 343 meters per second .
They are considered weapons of the
Underwater tropede
It was also built on the atomically able underwater torpedo Poseidon was don .
The planned sea drone is planned to destroy coastal
The president , who also sailed with a military boat , said that this year alone 40 new ships put into service with the individual fleet units of the country of the world .
Russia has such large coastal area as no other country in the world .
Russia has been protecting reliably for 300 years , Putin said at the nationwide celebrated day
Also at other Russian coastal towns , naval forces celebrated the day of the Navy with parades
In Syria , Russia fights alongside ruler Bashar al-Assad , the military demonstrated strength at a weapons show in the Mediterranean port of Tartu .
Ammunition was also fired there .
A video a video published by the Ministry of Defense was not only warships , a submarine , but combat helicopters and jets .
Hurricane &quot; Hanna &quot; reaches Texas : help difficult for Corona
Washington - The first hurricane of this year &apos;s season hit landland in Texas
Lie-threatening floods , winds and heavy rainfall now threatened parts of the US state , divided the US Climate Agency NOAA at night ( local time ) .
Governor Greg Abbott for numerous districts
The rampant in Texas made that of the helpers , Abbott continued according to the US media
called for caution
&quot; Hurricane is an enormous one , &quot; Abbott said according to the &quot; Houston &quot;
With regard to the cyclone in Texas , he added : &quot; This challenge is complicated and is exacerbated considering it sweeps through an area that is the most affected by Covid-19
According to Johns Hopkins University , 5,000 people have died as a result of the Corona pandemic .
called people who had to leave their homes to caution .
They should &quot; practices we become accustomed to &quot; for example disregarding wearing masks , the governor said according to the station CBS .
It is important that everyone kept distance .
have been provided hotel rooms in some places .
In addition , be tested on Corona in emergency shelters .
Damage was initially reported from the coastal town of Port Mansfield .
Storm warning withdrawn
With from to 150 kilometers per hour , &quot; Hanna &quot; was according to authorities had hit on the island of Padre Island immediately before the Texan on land .
The tropical storm had previously been upgraded to the hurricane of the stage .
For the stretch of coast of Port Mansfield until a storm surge warning had been withdrawn .
Authorities expected a weakening , while &quot; Hanna &quot; moved further inland and headed towards Mexico .
&quot; Douglas &quot; in Hawaii
In the Pacific , Hurricane &quot; Douglas &quot; travelled the night on Sunday with wind speeds of about 150 kilometers per Hawaii .
However , the hurricane center expected it to weaken .
According to the prediction he be on Sunday ( local time ) near the largest islands of Hawaii - then as a storm just below the hurricane threshold .
the Atlantic , NOAA expected an above-average hurricane season this year after a forecast from May .
From June to the end of November , up to ten hurricanes could expected , of which up to six very strong cyclones could be , the authority explains .
On average , there is year the six hurricanes , three of which develop into storms larger .
Given the available climate data and the higher water temperature in and the Caribbean , the likelihood of a normal season is only 30 , which of below-average even only ten percent , was at that time
US President Donald Trump wrote Twitter that his government was in contact with the states concerned .
Four gates stripped video assistant &quot; Sassu
Sassuolos Djuricic scored two goals
Naples - Four goals scored , four goals strivoked : Sassuolo Calcio experienced a raven black evening at 0 2 ( 0 : 1 at the SSC Naples in the Italian football league A - and really angry at video assistants of the speaker
&quot; A festival of ungiven gates for .
VAR has never gone hard against a team , &quot; commented the &quot; Corriere dello Sport &quot; .
Host Naples had gone through goal of defender Elseid Hisaj in the 8th minute lead in the 32nd accFilip Djuricic initially celebrated the .
The Video Assistant Referee ( ) took drew the hit due to a side position .
Five minutes later , Djuricic shot the ball net again - VAR intervened .
Also the gates of attackers Francesco ( 50 . ) and Domenico Berardi ( ) withdrew the referee team after reference .
In the extra time made the 2 – 0 final score for Naples and the bitter evening for perfect .
&quot; The VAR is worse for Sassuolo than a radar trap of and Sassuolo like no
The new technology ensures records , &quot; writes &quot; Gazzetta dello Sport &quot; .
Bayern Munich : Pav
Munich ( dpa - The start in a hot preparation phase for Champions League began for Doubleswinner FC with a setback .
The Hansi recovered after a short holiday after a short holiday and a few , Hansi has to think after the first team training , how he can rebuild his successful defense after injury to Benjamin .
The Frenchman , who has the third most mission minutes behind Captain Manuel Neuer and midfielchief Kimmich , suffered a band injury to the left foot of threatens to be missing in decisive king class duels .
In the Munich dirty weather , the right-defender broke off a training game and was driven with a golf kart course .
How long the unrestricted regular player has to pause in the fight for title is open .
Use in the t-final second leg against Chelsea FC on 8 August is be possible , the final tournament of the 24-year-old the final tournament starts in Lisbon .
The Bavarians do not want to be stopped by the mishap from the training on Sunday .
Flick called in his personal triple formula the three attributes he wanted to see from his stars on the way to Portugal &apos;s capital
Quality , intensity and are supposed to be his winning hungry title collectors in the ideally following 28 days to the royal class final .
&quot; We have the mandatory tasks and trophy
is to create the special thing , &quot; said Flick .
Until they can deal with the final tournament and previously training camps in the Algarve in , however , the eight-16 duty against Chelsea FC is due .
After the 3 : 0 in the first leg before the Corona break , the Londoners in the domestic arena should not become a Bavarian nightmare again as in the &quot; Finale dahoam &quot; in 2012 .
&quot; We have to go through the door .
We win , create good conditions and recharge confidence with a good game , &quot; demanded Flick
A test for match will scheduled on Friday against Olympique Marseille .
With a long speech , Flick had sed his stars who had sworn the Double 13 days day holiday on a unique August
31 he welcomed the Säbener Straße including the new players Edel-Einkauf Leroy Sané , who met all new colleagues for the first time after his change from Manchester City .
&quot; Leroy has like all the new ones , &quot; reported .
But instead of talking about new season , when Sané &amp; Co. are no longer allowed to train , Flick talked a lot about current title project of the German series champion .
After days of individual small group training , now in team strength for the Londoners , who in contrast to the Flick ensemble are in playing rhythm .
After that , the Munich people could face a quarter-finals against FC Barcelona and Lionel Messi , semi-finals are Real Madrid , Manchester Juventus are possible opponents
A way to the final in Lisbon &quot; not so easy &quot; stressed the chief coach , who can from on can trust the services of his new assistant Miroslav Klose in training .
The World Cup sector scorer and Flick know of many joint tournament preparation , which is particularly important in the 0 to 100 attunement .
With his current team , working is &quot; a pleasure &quot; , Flick
The &quot; focus on winning &quot; is an impressive characteristic of his team .
At the tournament with nine-teams it also went to the point .
Everyone was there of performers , including the emigrant Thiago and defender David Alaba , whose whereabouts is beyond secured .
Formula 1 is a special rule to select its world champion .
Since it cannot be driven on the required number of continents , the improvise to the World Cup titles
However , all American races were cancelled .
Race calendar is becoming increasingly concrete
The race calendar of the current Formula One season continues to take shape .
In addition to the confirmed Grand Prix , three more race tracks added during the week .
In October , will be drive at the Nürburgring in Germany and in Portimão , Portugal .
On the first of November Lewis Hamilton and Co. will fight for World Championship points on the traditional race track in Imola .
This means that the race calendar includes 13 races according to current status .
&quot; We are pleased that we continue to achieve big plans for the 2020 season , said Formula 1 boss Chase Carey
A total of 15 to 18 races in this extraordinary season will be completed in the premier class of motorsports .
Formula 1 wants to complete their season Asia .
Race calendar will be fixed and published in the coming weeks
the already officially targeted races in Bahrain and Abu Dhabi in December , media reports appearances in Vietnam and Malaysia could take place at the end of November
Regulations require races on three continents
The regulations of Formula 1 require at least races on three continents for the World Cup
if , as currently planned only on two continents , there should be a world champion
With the help of a special rule , FIA wants to forgive those citing extraordinary circumstances &quot; because of the .
The traditional start to the season in March had to be cancelled at short notice due to the looming coronak crisis .
A return to the continent this year is not an issue .
In addition , Formula 1 will not be a guest in America this year
Cancellation meets criticism in Brazil
Due to the tense corona situation , the races of Canada , the USA , Mexico and Brazil will not take place .
&quot; We look forward to being with them the season , &quot; Carey
The cancellation of the American races occurred especially in Brazil : &quot; Cancection was not surprising for us , we can not accept the reasons for this , &quot; said Tamas Rohonyi , promoter of the Grand Prix in São Paulo .
Thus , the number of infection in the São Paulo area is significantly lower than in other regions of Brazil
Those of some teams not want to drive in Brazil would also justify refusal .
We is prepared for the required security measures .
Thunberg : Evil against Donald Trump went around the world
Greta Thunberg talked about her meeting US President Donald Trump
Greta Thunberg was a guest on Stephen Colbert &apos;s ight show of Stephen Colbert per video switch and revealed in an interview what she had head mind in her encounter with Donald Trump .
Climate ata journalist Greta Thunberg was a guest in a popular US Latenight show .
She told others about her against the powerful of the world .
The teenager also talked about her famous &quot; evil &quot; at her encounter with Donald Trump . &quot;
New York City - Over the past two years , climate activist Thunberg has attracted attention with tireless commitment to the &quot; Fridays For Future &quot; movement .
Now she spoke in a well-known about her plans in the future and her meeting with US President Donald Trump at the UN climate summit last year
Latenight presenter Stephen Colbert welcomed 17-year-old Thunberg on Tuesday on your show and conducted a longer interview with the Swedish .
She spoke not only about the fight him , but also about her with the powerful of the world .
&quot; There are some things that surprised me , &quot; she said .
&quot; How far people go to stefocus from the climate crisis , &quot; she shaken .
&quot; Everything from organized hate campaigns to threats just because a child on the street &quot; she experienced .
Heads of state and leaders who mock against them on social media or even try to silence them , find her &quot; funny &quot; , as show her the reactions , &quot; since they have no other answer to it .
It was became the end of the interview when Greta Thunberg was addressed to a well-known scene in which she took a bitterevil look after US president .
UN climate summit in 2019 in New York , for which the Aktvisa sailed the Atlantic , her gaze was captured by the cameras and has since been seen by countless people since then .
the short clip of a GIF , i.e. an animated image , which ultimately became one of the most used images for Trump opponents .
But what did 17-year-old ds think about the president that moment ?
To Stephen &apos;s relatively asked question , she answered briefly : &quot; To be honest , I think no else no more .
The experienced satirist Colbert had not expected with a turnatable answer and disappeared laughing from
With her &quot; How you ? &quot; speech about the principles of climate protection , she remained on the many in .
Ex-Dortmund Immobile with pack of three for Lazio Rome
Immobile in the race for Europe &apos;s Golden Shoes now with Bavaria &apos;s Robert Lewandowski
The former Dortmund Immobile continues opportunities to become a top scorer in the Italian .
The former BVB professional scored three goals in the 5 : ( 1 – 1 ) victory of Lazio Rome at Hellas Verona , including two turned penalty in the halves .
The 30-year-old now has 34 goals account from two games of the season before the end - just Lewandmany by Robert Lewandowski from FC Bayern Munich in the past Bundesliga season .
In Italy , Cristiano Ronaldo follows with goals so far , the Portuguese superstar met Sampdoria Genoa with the evening .
Fleetwood Mac co-founder Peter Green
His life was like rollercoaster ride : a rapid climb with Fleetwood Mac it went steeply downhill and then slowly up .
Now blues rock guitarist Peter Green died at the age of 73
Ingenious guitarist , drug junkie , cult pendant : The co-founder of the band Fleetwood Mac , Peter Green , is
had died peacefully in sleep at the age of 73 , family members told Saturday in an official statement that another statement would be announced for the next few days .
Top musicians like Peter Frampton praised Green as one of the best blues and rock guitarists .
Mick Fleetwood spoke in an emotional reaction of a &quot; monumental loss &quot; for all previous and band Mac .
The drummer Fleetwood and guitarist Green had long since founded legendary band in London in 1967 , to this day his dreamy instrumental hit &quot; Albatross &quot; is unforgettable .
The life of musicians ( &quot; The End Of The Game &quot; In Skies &quot; ) was a roller coaster ride .
With Fleetwood Mac , Green experienced a rapid rise the band celebrated their greatest successes but then without him .
There is to be dispute because Green wanted to donate to the group for charity .
began to perform in garments and with large cru
Mental problems are also said to have played a role .
Three years after its founding , Green left the band in 1970 .
followed a social descent followed .
The blues rock guitarist suffered from drug abuse and schizophrenia , as biographers reported .
For a long time , Green was treated in psychiatry .
During a majority of the 1970s the musician of the scene .
He is said to have lived temporarily on the street , worked as a cemetery gardener and spent a long time in an Israeli kibbutz .
Green was born as the son of a Jewish working-class family in the Bethnal district of London .
At a young age he was enthusiastic about how B.B. King and Waters .
At the age of eleven he learned his first
At the age of 15 , the teenager started playing guitar and five years later got the chance to stand on stage as a lead guitarist for instrumental band Peter B &apos;s Looners .
A little later , a replacement for his idol Eric Clapton engaged with the Bluesbreakers .
In the middle of the blues boom , Green founded Fleetwood Mac in the summer of 1967 with his bluesbreakers colleagues Mick Fleetwood and John McVie .
The Green composed song &quot; Albatross &quot; gave the group the first number one hit in 1968 / 69 and catapulted them at the top music scene .
But the rapid ascent soon showed his dark sides : Green did not cope with it , his experiments with the drug became more and more extreme .
He later commented on the life between music and addiction in an interview : &quot; Worworst what happened to me , the drugs were the best to land a number 1 hit &quot; .
Towards the end of the decade , Green surprisingly achieved a success in 1979 with an album inspired by religious themes
Meanwhile , Fleetwood Mac swam without him in new formation on one .
In 1977 , album &quot; sold more than 40 million copies worldwide .
Despite various small solo successes , no major comeback succeeded , until he started in 1996 with a group of friendly musicians .
British &quot; Daily Telegraph &quot; then spoke of a rock star returned to Earth .
Free of drugs , Green released several albums with the Peter Green Splinter Group until the band disbanded in 2004 .
For he was already a blues legend during his lifetime and with his gentle sound , one of the most influential guitarists of the past decades .
