Biker reacts at lightning fast prevented and worse
Friday evening Am on Landstraße the one between Machtolsheim Merklingen and one , in of traffic accident only one to the motorcyclist thanks to his rapid reaction .
Motorist Biker overlooked .
A 44-year-old driver wanted to turn 21.30 with around her clock VW Merklingen from after coming left the state road on 1230 Machtolsheim direction .
She overlooked from the direction of upcoming 24-year-old Nellingen eligible entitled , .
At the hand collision and fly away foot brake lever .
He tried biker to avoid the car , on this rear vehicle area .
By were stripe process at Suzuki of the hand foot brake lever as well and the demolished driver who was no longer able to brake .
Humanally present he controlled his in the motorcycle green stiffers next to the and it let road roll out there without coming to fall .
Bker suffers leg injury
due to collision with car the biker suffered the injury a At am and in clinic had to be treated .
Mamming : Corona mass infection 174 Harvesters : infected
a After a Corona mass infection on vegetable farm large in Mamming in Lower Bavaria , almost 500 people are under and are no allowed to leave quarantine .
A security service that monitors outgoing ban .
A total of 174 harvesters at the series investigation were tested the positive for Corona pathoogen Sars-CoV-2 , such as the Dingolfing-Landau Landratsamt on Saturday evening .
&quot; A order to further spread , we must unfortunately take this step to protect the population , &quot; explained District administrator Werner Bumeder CSU ( ) .
Previously , employees of the seven company had already infected this - was that of the occasion series test .
The is a large vegetable farm , strawberries , which , grows cabbage cucumbers and beroot red - the cucumbers for but only inlay glasses
Mamming municipality is a rural with good inhabitants 3300 not far Dingolfing with from its large BMW plant .
Bumeder to appealed citizens to keep calm : &quot; According to information , it is closed a group of people &quot; .
On the farm were not infected by infected , employees the separate terrain is now one by surrounded barrier fence .
Greens and SPD co-responsibility to the state government .
The threw Prime Minister Markus Söder ( CSU ) cabinet and of his to neglect the control of the accommodations of seasonal workers
&quot; The bitter can take revenge if such infection events pick out local lockdowns and regional to be ordered said &quot; , Mistol , Jürgen the managing director Parliamentary of the Greens .
The SPD looks this similarly : &quot; After the Corin the Corona outbreak Wiesenhof-slaughterof in May we have demanded a special control programme for harvesters with farms with farms , &quot; said environmental expert Florian von Brunn .
Particisely &quot; hygiene conditions at the workplace and the living conditions must be sharp of our from controlled .
that obviously happened &quot; not .
The &quot; eruption announcement came with &quot; .
Underground station Dangerous Aidenbachstraße : Disute : after 19-year-old Schubwer track bed falls
In case of a dispute between a two at the youth group Aidenbachstraße subway station , a 19-year-old has fallen through thrwers and .
Obersendling Freitag Am is - it subway station at about 16.15 Aidenbachstraße clock one came between dispute two youth groups .
Passerby the alerted police who , with strips .
According to the investigation , Munich , a 17 ( ) to 19-year-olds ed a ground .
The one over young man slipped and platform edge fell track bed fell into the .
People from the 17-year-old of the helped group to climb overrons out of the track .
There was no danger from an coming railway .
As police say they came , there were clashes between the two the .
The 17-year-old initially fled the crime scene , but his personal details could be determined .
Accompanied by his father , he went to the police inspection . 29
17-year-olds are determined for personal injury
: Report Seehofer pushes for longer data retention
Data retention is the . currently exposed to
Horst Federal Minister of the Interior Seehofer calls for a media report for an extension of the storage period .
He wants to strengthen the fight against child abuse .
Federal Minister of the Interior Seehofer Horst ( demands CSU ) extended a data retention media report instead of - weeks the planned a ten year
As reported &quot; Sonntag &quot; on the picture , Christine Seehofer asked Justice Lambrecht SPD ( ) quickly in a letter for an change in law .
Seehofer wants to the measures against child abuse .
He considers it makes sense to &quot; make urgently need to adjustments to the law now &quot; which quotes to writing to the newspaper .
Currently data retention is currently suspended .
a It decision of the ECJ is expected .
Seehofer , however , wants the changes beforehand so that they could be applied positively according to possible immediate judgment , according says report in the .
One of the Ministry of Justice spokesof said that newspaper could only be meaningfully examined whether it , legal adjustments , if the courts had decided .
In the fight against child abuse , child pornography and Seehofer , together with interior ministers , had in favour of the data retention in the state of June .
: NBA for Clippers Star Lou StripClub Trouble Williams
Excitement in NBA
Lou 33 Williams ( , ) basketball professional Angeles Los of the Clippers is said to have the tournament neighborhood in Disney World Orlando in / Florida a with funeral permission for .
According to US media reports , he visited the strip club &quot; Magic &quot; in City Atlanta in the evening .
Williams the , the visit is said to have admitted ESPN information , is back in , Isloation is tested daily on Covid-19 .
Be the reason for visit : Chicken W
Last February year , Sweet &quot; , Lou , who is as called in NBA , has already expressed love his exactly this for Wings .
wrote : American &quot; and Magic City Flame Blue ( strip club another , in Atlanta usually ) have the best Wings in town &quot; .
NBA insider Charania Shams announced on Sunday on Twitter , the NBA that Williams has ten days prescria quarantine .
So Clippers star of the first two missed the official games of the after test game phase .
In World , Disney wants to play the NBA for the Corona season .
Currently , 22 prepare the best with teams training games prepare for the season finale starting the night on Friday .
Söder expresses mass infecton Corona situation to the
- Munich Health Minister Huml Melanie ) ( CSU has already announced a Sunday large farms test offensive for .
The will be press conference on the homepage of our live .
The case in the authorities in Mamming district Dingolfing-Landau authorities and has starghtened politics .
On the vegetable farm , large almost 500 countries harvesters from several , one more than third has been infected with Corona pathogen .
The farm is under meanwhile and quarantine one is locked off with building fence .
no body must be left the terrain , food .
The good 3300 residents municipality of the offer authorities free . now Corona tests
Since harvesters had the population to the less local population goes the , district office so far , from that the infections have not spread beyond the not farm .
&quot; Conmorse &quot; : confession of alleged arsonson of the N
My &quot; client has shown himself cooperative , said lawyer Quentin Chabert Zeitung
The defender : &quot; He added very regretted that , the deeds confession for was one .
His is mandate &quot; of plagued by conremorse and extent very the destruction of the &quot; .
In a case of conviction , according to the man , ten years of prosecution or threaten a and imprisonment in the amount of 150,000 .
Gothic The in St. Peter and Paul Cathedral Nantes had been severely damaged to a fire night on Saturday at last week .
Fire was The church broke out far in three places .
Laboratory tests on the hardened suspicion arson .
The suspect had already been arrested hours a few after the fire .
He was released after day .
as The volunteer man works for the diocese and Nantes was responsible on the Brandes the closure for the cathedral .
there was trace for no violent one into penetration , church gave he quickly came into view investigators of .
Discthe abolition of the 50 rule
DFB President Grindel has recommended former Reinhard to think about the abolition of the + 1 Rule 50 .
The German &quot; football at least should discuss , conditions rules clear and set for investors before , completed the facts creates EU commission , &quot; said the grindel on &quot; picture Sunday .
He stressed : For &quot; those the clubs can become best , on Bavaria and dangerous Dortmund , the + 50 1 rules do not work anyway : see Leverkusen Leipzig . or
In so far as one comes around the debate , not it is not offered , clubs are in who want to break Phalanx to facilitate the inclusion of investors of . &quot;
However , he has doubts about whether there is a ingness in the football League the football league to allow the majority participations , the Bundesliga are is prohibited + by the 1-rule 50 + .
&quot; It remains a legal risk to draw a European fmarket in investment fences to the around Bundesliga to a business location &quot;
The former sees DFB chief danger that , the attempts &quot; more to in a competitive balance of the to Bundesliga , in the end competitiveness only those of our top clubs at European level , do not weaken but to more excitement in championship of .
Equdistribution of the self a TV money will not achieve any effect decisive .
The &quot; Bayern FC makes a 750 turnover of millions of euros Dortmund , Borussia 500 of RB million and millions of Leipzig from 300
Differences are the among the first three the first three clubs .
The other 15 have clubs of average household 130 &quot; million explained the . 58-year-old
View With the past that feels Grindel betrayed .
&quot; Unfortunately , there have been people who noticed this mistake and press who instead of pierced me to address it &quot; , Grindel said about expensive the assumption of a watch in which April 2019 had led his resignation .
&quot; That has occupied me very much . &quot;
Gift That in worth about 11,000 euros he had received one from official Ukrainian .
&quot; I have committed compliance violation one , and it was right from it to draw to the consequences , &quot; Grindel said .
&quot; With an ominous gift , I was completely untransparent completely transparently and dealt .
It knew in many of them DFB &quot; .
He had never sured a &quot; of salvation the gift &quot; assured the . 58-year-old
&quot; May that may be naive , in any case , form was this was that of transparency complete opposite corruption of &quot; .
Black &quot; Matter Lives injured &quot; : and a
Against The police violence protests the United in States have sharcaled Donald Trump by federal police use of several in cities .
Saturday On there were various in cities between clashes and . Demonstrators
In Louisville people were injured three , people Seattle in 16 . 16 .
In Austin a person was killed by shots , while a demonstration train crossed a straight .
had previously come into it during protests Portland racism against police violence and again clashes .
The , security forces of the including officials , federal police in used tear gas on Saturday of the night and diverup demonstrators .
Hundreds of partly armed demonstrators on marched through Louisville in demanding , Kentucky and responsible to be held accountable for Breonna &apos;s death .
The old 26 year-old student in had been shot at a March drug raid in apartment Louisville apartment her in .
the target raid was someone else who did not live there , and no drugs were found
When Saturday became a member of a group who , called as a self-alliance armed Americans black , were red a shot three , injured .
According to NBC station , hospital were taken to the .
None of them were floin danger of danger .
The barricades police set up because counter-demonstrators had also formed into a white militia .
There two groups did not ultimately .
In Austin Texas , a person was shot in the &quot; a Lives &quot; Black Matter demonstration and died .
Police The after took their own in a information custody suspects .
More details on information circumstances that the act she has not done so far .
Mayor Steve , according to Adler , told the New Times &quot; York that he was , in many of the like city , &quot; unconsolably stunned and &quot; because of what had happened .
In the metropolis too , American Seattle met the clashes with police at demonstrators Saturday .
stuck in front of a youth prison in construction car fire , police glare grenades the and put a pepper spray .
According to &quot; Seattle , &quot; 16 Times people were arrested against resistance from policemen or assault
the city In in Oakland California , a fire was set in courthouse in .
small of A demonstrator group had hit down window fireworks and , shot police officers blinded with lasers , police shared Oakland of late ( Saturday night ) local
Fire could be extinguished quickly .
In suburb of Aurora , a Colorado in of Denver , one drove through car , crowd on one that demonstrated
The police As , one fired the demonstrator &apos;s a weapon and person was brought at least one taken to the injured hospital .
In addition , a court was also in windows and fire was fire as , the police told
were investigations .
Rakoczy in Bad Kissingen : Corona Historical costumes
the Although great snause was missing in the spa town , visitors enjoyed the and performer of the Rakoczy-Flair alternative program .
It was unusual visitor for , and actors : Organizers Rakoczy Weekend That Without Rakoczy Festival
: But if even large the party mile of the in , city center the crowds lacked program highlights and how , Saale burns or Rakoczy-Ball procession , so many nevertheless alternative program came to the Corona-compliant .
&quot; I think we have Rakoczy flair , to spread , &quot; says Thormann Spa Director Sylvie .
The guests would have received it well .
In principle , one return to the beginnings of the Rakoczy festival , as well as those were the focus on historical of the festival .
Pleasant atmosphere
Vesna Konhäuser visits with more of her husband years as a 25 Rakoczy festival Bad Kissingen .
also So this time in the Corona year .
That has couple it Luitpold Casino at to make the historwatching and listens strolling Cuban of the restaurant at live music .
&quot; I also find it so pleasant , &quot; says Kon
She , the missing crowds otherwise do not belong to Rakoczy .
For this , however , you lack the , program highlights above all Saale on burning on Friday evening well as the procession historical das and at the final fireworks Sunday evening .
&quot; &apos;s a pity .
That would have been year weather of this &quot; super fit , says . she .
Rakoczy riding tournament to take place again
For actors who historical of the spa guests , more the alternative program meant work .
Approximately gold for Christina , in which a normal on the year procade and participates there on the carriage of the Kurgartencafés .
This was year on Saturdays they and Sundays in costume foot in city of traveling
&quot; This &apos;s already strenuous otherwise , we have it easier to easier , &quot; she says .
He had equestrian club less , to do when Reiter Park were on the road
&quot; We very much hope that equestrian quadrille the will in the year may take place again , &quot; says Ulrike the chairman Waldhofen .
She announced that several after a break years 2021 will also take Rakoczy riding tournament .
28 Corona cases of Spanish with second division clubs Fuenlabrada
The Spanish football division CF Fuenlabrada sliters the deeper into crisis due to an ever Corona outbreak .
the newcomer Since the near Corona Falls of Madrid despite the first on 20 to July who was flown flown in game Coruña , which follows a low next .
By Sunday or players had 28 team members positive , tested one was been to the hospital which , club as reported .
from Fuenlabrada of the city of the same name from southwest , Madrid still had a chance to reach the promotion playoffs .
Now he even threatens to relegation to Second B group of the league .
The match against Deportivo La Coruña last was Monday last at the moment the cancelled prosecution &apos;s office for investigating a possible offence forced against health public , the supreme sports authority CSD considering relegation of the club .
The as well player team members others sit in quarantine in a hotel .
to &quot; Until day sixth of quarantine no they have towel fresh no received and gel &quot; , which wrote sports newspaper &quot; AS .
See photos show that players such as underwear and club clothes had hung their rooms in the in hotel to dry after they had to wash them themselves .
also bed linen was not changed for five a days .
Another problem is .
Neither it nor well sufficient , wrote &quot; . &quot;
The club stay , on the other hand , shared with one , with satisfied hotel the .
The accusation of having ately anghealth was rejected , lawyer of the club Tebas Javier Llanas .
One had not stressed the football association by the violated Corona rules , son of that of the president of the Primera Division of Spanish Javier , Tebas such as , the Europe News Agency and the Press sports newspaper &quot; reported Marca &quot; .
Before the departure , there were four infected persons until 19 July , all who were isolated and did not travelled with them .
before direct flight after Monday at Coruña A all and player team members were been tested
When the team was already in Coruña A , with five six &quot; or more &quot; of the team members were positive Corona test .
The game was minutes 60 to the cancelled before whistle , Tebas said Llanas .
Police steam compartment at must torn out horses
Two animals were on the road .
Police her Die led back to her owner .
Sunday morning On before 6 o &apos;clock , a road user shared two horse-running free the feeder between the confluence Donnersdorf / Steinsfeld of the and motorway junction
At the arrival of the officials , the horses were again the feeder between and the village of Dampfach .
before shortly After the steam compartment could be the won confidence horses by officials , these could a carried rope be laid in the patrol car .
Proclist Tony Martin : Career continuation can imaginable
Time trial specialist Martin Tony thinks about a continuation of his . Career
/ Frankfurt Main The - seven-time Martin Tony time trial world champion can imagine his
&quot; I &apos;m currently a team with the framework conditions , which could continue how in and form , &quot; said 35-year-old old of the &quot; Allgemeine Frankfurter
Martin is employed by the currently Dutch team Jumbo-Visma and before Corona break had considered considering ending his after career year this .
the team negotiations with are also about number of race days he said .
around Or other problems him , who plague family father as if Martin , said .
He used to be after a fall , got up first and that was thought : was again &quot; Fast on the back .
Today I think as the father of a little one would be daughter : What if . , &quot;
The professional clist acknowleadmitted that there were aspects , with which he was increasingly difficult .
&quot; But I did fine about the using from Corona time to what I have cycling and how much I enjoy .
The time trial specialist of the a competition event at Tour de ( l A&apos; 5 to August )
Bavaria : At least four dead on Bavaria &apos;s streets weekend on
This attracts beautiful weather bikers to the streets on the streets
For three at least people ends with the tour motorcycle the . dead
Also 18 one year pedestrian dies older der
Schönthal Bei - Bavaria &apos;s accidents are on the streets weekend , mostly young people
18 A motorcyclist year old Saturday was captured Schönthal at near Cham district ( from ) a car that came on countertrack
Dons of the why that up , countertrack had got . Initially unclear
On Saturday , Upper Bavaria joined a 22-year-old of a machine horse-drawn carriage .
was according to He was traveling with police Beilngries . downhill
a In left turn against his carriage .
His injuries were so severe , he died place of accident on .
Of the inmates of the carriage twelve , men man was one and man slightly injured , as police
In another accident died in the deadly Bad Kötzting Upper Palatine 18-year-old .
He had put one in the night of Sunday and street by was run a 42 2-year-old driver .
After the assumption police the wanted to sleep 18-sleep .
He could not brake more drivers in time .
At Schönberg ( district , Freyung-Grafenau ) boashed on Saturday one year old 57 bikers in a right turn full braking despite frontal against car .
He died in the scene of accident .
The 57-year-old driver suffered one , shock the rest in the person car three remained uninjured .
Safety was discussed by motorcyclists by Saturday Transport Minister Bavarian Kerstin Schreyer CSU ( )
In an organizer to letter that of the for announced biker protests August driving bans , Gabor Kovacs the minister , referred to investments such as extensive underride protection and the guardils defusing dangerous
&quot; We have achieved a lot deal for the safety of motorcyclists in the years , &quot; said
Number &quot; The killed of the motorized two-cyclists reduced by around 28 percent compared to 2011 . &quot;
Kovac with tests Monaco against
Main Frankfurt / ( ) dpa - Football coach For Niko there is Kovac with his new club Monaco AS soon bunion with Eintracht Frankfurt .
eighightime The French guest will perform champion on 1 August ( 186 .00 ) the , Hesse former the that of the Kroats Club .
the For Bundesliga club it is the only first endurance test and before second leg in the Europa League FC Basel 6 ( . )
Because of the Coronavirus pandemic the encounter spectators without .
&quot; We are looking forward to this game .
It is always nice to come to Frankfurt and meet friends &quot; explained , Kovac .
be sporty that an interesting , test said the . 48-year-old
Before moving to his FC Munich Bayern Kovac had trained from Hesse until 2016 2018 and led to victory in the DFB-Pokal .
&quot; An opponent of top-class like a Monaco is good test for regard in us at game that against Basel .
Like all Frankfurt residents , I look looking forward to this with Niko Wiederye Kovac &quot; , Eintracoach said Hütter Adi .
The 50-year-old Austrian had Eintracht succeeded the Croatian
In March , Frankfurter had lost the eight-final first leg against in Basel with their own stadium 3 –
50 new infections Fast Landkreis : Hof just past the lockdown
District In the Hof Number has increased that of the Corona new infections on the known weekend : on Friday and 39 43 Saturday on ( a recovered and people is not fall this in more 47 on statistics ) Sunday on .
in addition to case one of the city in Hof .
Thus , the courtyard approaches space from the critical 50 brand new infections 100,000 inhabitants per a week in .
700 monsoon rain dead in Southeast Asia
the severe floods in Southeast Asia , more 9 million than affected are mainly , especially in Bangladesh , India . and Nepal
due to the strong monsoon rain , 700 total people were killed
Bangladesh In the crescent Red tries to reach people in boats isolated people .
Villages Whole are under water .
The farmers have lost their harvests .
Panzernashos National Park in die landslides by
In Kaziranga National Park , Panzernasheros died several 120 due to the landslides .
They are under and applicable protection as endangered extinction
Year In this , floods are bad the especially what , to scientists climate change .
according to Bangladesh of the United Nations , a nations belongs to the most of global warming in the country .
New empty
In the Cox &apos;s village of Bazar in southern Bangladesh has built the displaced persons of the for state apartments 650 by floods .
So far , few have only .
It is difficult to Cox bring people to it to Bazaar .
She is also in Grenezn .
Anyone previously had a early house , it was also so small and a similar hut , often you does not want to spend a big life in a block of apartment .
Apartments Many stand , empty but - should it wants the - government will soon be obtained from those who have their house which due lost floods .
60 Corona new infections only in Vienna
In a 24-hour comparison in 60 Vienna Corona new infections - reported in Lower Austria there were 22 new infections .
The Landessanitätsdirektion Vienna medical and the crisis staff City of Vienna which regularly inform about case figures the current and other key figures : to the stand Covid-19 virus Sunday , 26 July 2020 8.00 a.m. , confirmed in Vienna 4,840 ( + positive tests 60 ) .
The number the number of virus related to deaths is 204 .
( 4,090 48 + are recovered persons ) .
22 Coronavirus infections new Lower Austria in
Number The coronavirus infections of in Lower Austria risen by 3,288 22 on Sunday .
One is recovered according to the medical staff .
This increases the number of the 2,936 on Gen36 .
Covid-19 were patients 247 in the federal state .
so far , 147,253 have been carried out so far .
105 people died . associated with lung disease
rejects counter-offer Argentina of creditors
The new demands could not be met , the Ministry of Economy in Buenos Aires on Saturday .
This &quot; would not only be irresponsible but , unjustly also called &quot; , it was one in .
&quot; While 50 of the children percent in Argentina poverty , live in we cannot short-term increase the profits creditors of our &quot; .
The second largest of the debt economy are in South America to current the no longer conditions .
That is why Argentina calls on its creditors private tors to renounce their part receivables of around 66 billion US dollars ( billions of euros 59 around ) .
If there is no agreement , the country is threatening again .
the It ninth would be payment failure of the Argentine in history .
Finally , the lenders had demanded higher interest rates on government bonds and contractual clauses changes to some .
The Argentine government , however , keeps its last firm offer and to none .
Argentina is a serious in the financial economic crisis and .
the inflation rate was last more than percent
For running for the year , experts expect ten decline the economic strength to by ten .
May At the end of Argentina did not have interest receivables of 503 of million US dollars and paid in a slipped limited default of default .
Professional - arrived privately not yet
&quot; It goes super well &quot; - this conclusion Dr. Stefanie draws Kramer after her days first in the notary in Eggenfelden
End At everything went very quickly : Dr. Mitte learned Stefanie Mai Kramer learned in that she will succeed the Lutz von Fdener the notarioffice Lutz von Feller .
Already six weeks , later in beginning , July the took lawyer received his doctorate on , work normal that runs daily business on long full tours .
&quot; However , I have to arrive privately , &quot; she explains Rottaler with the laughacht Anzeiger .
The short of course had lead time was not enough to shift from the center of life completely Regensburg to Eggenfelden , Dingolfingerin the native .
with currently she be she to her who , as Regensburg judge in Landgericht am , looking on the for suitable an apartment or a house of the city .
had at least her short-term husband was still able apply for parental leave in order to ensure the care of the two ( daughters 3 ½ and old 1 years ½ ) .
In order not to commute from Regensburg every day , they also have to explain the time being an overnight accommodation with their dingolfing in parents , the 39-year-old .
Growing up in the neighboring district her is , Eggenfelden city has of course long term .
During visits on site with her family past in months then she have found again : &quot; a Eggenfelden small town is right . &quot;
more She was so pleased was she that , in the selection process job free for which the races .
Dr. Auch Kramers in Stefanie Career professionhome , her Lower Bavaria plays a role : central After studying law , she did the and state examination ship 2nd in Regensburg in Passau in Passau .
After several notary assessator positions as among others things , in and Rehau Hof in Upper Franconia , in the Babenhausen Unterallgäu and Regensburg - during this time she also shouldered &quot; the &quot; doctorate entered in labour law - in she 2012 first her first notary as Rotthalmünster in district of Passau im .
In 2016 , she parental leave in 2016 , followed finally moving to Regensburg .
Since then , she has over notariaries positions
When the place Eggenfelden in been advertised because of the approaching Lutz estands Feller that she had seen the right time for the full re-entry , 39-year-old explains the .
Team The predecessor of her the , holiday representation in future who takes over to the notary office , Stefanie has taken over Dr. Kramer completely and has - an equal for praise that the team parat law firm : runs &quot; supergut Es &quot; !
The fact that she rely on well-rehearsed processes can makes it easier for to take care of the shift of the upcoming private of life .
kindergarten - Things In crib places or she has already made in contact with the local one .
And , as desired she hopes her pursue hobby also be to by here too soon - and get to know the most beautiful of the Rottals jogging routes .
plans to the BVB 15,000 ligast type with maximum spectators
The Dortmund German largest football stadium in Dortmund start of the season will be case not even percent filled in a fan return .
&quot; Due to distance control of , mandatory is to be lied with , we are planning status with current up to 12,000 spectators 15,000 &quot; Borussia , said Managing Director Dortmunds Carsten to the Cramer &quot; Tagesspiegel &quot; .
usually ally the in the arena near Revierstadt Bundesliga games little more than spectators .
In the ghost games caused by Corona pandemic last season , BVB had lost four approximately four million euros per game .
The internationalization for internationalization for marketing BVB , digitization Cramer hopes , in addition to normal the also spectators , the some approximately 4000 000 places in hospitality area can be opened : &quot; It is a course of blow when in the office , these revenues completely . &quot;
in the face of the continuing Corona crisis is currently &quot; all , advise well stable to take a side long &quot; .
&quot; If many companies do &apos;t do well and millions of people are 6.8 in Germany in short-time work alone , need then entertainment is that , explained &quot; Cramer .
The praised Dortms the BVB professionals marketing boss her for , the salary partial waiver coming should contribute to the crisis of &quot; : Of course , players know that the salary waiver has her a different effect when than , we 100 , people who work in merchandising , put on short-time work &quot; .
Wondercles : Tiny early start into a with life couple few hundred grams .
heavy barly as a butter packerone , straight tablespoons three once his blood in the body : whole was The Gabriel he was born , - weighed 273 exactly grams .
This is a boy of 400 of around premature ies , which are cared for by Graz at the children &apos;s clinic .
A quarter of them weighs than less grams 1,500 one , couple like - and his Gabriel Michael Raphael brothers and - are with extreme lightweight once a non-birth weight kilogram .
you are so small and so early , that lungs are neither intestine , nor , completely muscles nor developed .
Their skin is sometimes so they could delicate electrodes those of an injured ECG
And they are so tiny that doll clothing sometimes make them and specially wear mini diapers for them .
But so , not that small they were voice were not &quot; - and as &quot; Berndt smiles , Urlesberger
Even &quot; if of course they do not scream as loud as big &quot; babies
When whiteboard becomes the stage
Despite Corona Theater classrooms : in the The whiteboard as a stage shortly before the start of the holiday experienced 9th classes St. James obus Gymnasium of the in .
Actress Julia Sylvester from the city of Aalen Theater presented to the students the production &quot; Das Heimatkleid - and &quot; .
Afterwards , the students were able to exchange the and Winfried director for the and Winfried director about Tobias Stück and exchange .
Born which was idea for the performance format current Corona situation .
Teacher Teresa was happy to Nar about the enrichment of teaching .
Even if all concluded at the involved agreed that they were direct in the encounter offer theater still stage space and additional stimuli , one can see theater in also the potential for contact in schools .
If the &quot; technical we will further improve one that , could be interesting to supplement game operation , &quot; stressed Winfried director .
The : 1860 would meet TSV in the DFB-Pokal on Frankfurt
If 1860 who qualify for TSV the DFB-Pokal , lions meet in the first round of Eintracht on Frankfurt
This resulted in draw for Sunday on .
Sixty Munich - possible opponent in the first round of the DFB Cup als of is clear .
The lions of one on Eintracht with successful qualifications . Frankfurt
This revealed the Sunday evening draw in at the . ARD sports show
which because of Because the Corona pandemic field yet is completely not come , in the draw placeholder used to .
FC mingen is FC TSV is already the final of the Toto Cup Bavarian or 4 ( 5 September ) .
There lions meet either the or Würzburg Kickers Aschaffenburg Viktoria
Should second division promoted Würzburg reach the final , sixty would already be qualified for fix the round .
Otherwise , the Giesinger would have to prevail against Aschaffenburg in the final Regionalligist .
first The DFB Cup als of the round will be held between 11 to 14 and thus September one week before the third
&quot; Winde Vom &quot; : blows legend Olivia is de Havilland
The Oscar winner and film legend Olivia de is Havilland dead .
had died on you in Paris Sunday 104 with natural years of death of death , confirmed the spokeswoman German Press Agency .
Her Havilland was known for as a role Hamilton in the Melanie Southern epic &quot; Vom Winde verweht &quot; ( ) 1939 .
Born in Tokyo as a child &apos;s Tokyo , Olivia de moved to California as an Havilland .
The Austrian theatre man Reinhardt discovered Max 19-year-old of those in the role of Hermia Shakespeare of &quot; Sommernachtstraum &quot; .
Film studio The Warner took them seven under by year and contract she brought out on the Eroll side Flynn
Eeight shot eight them with heart breaker .
In 1946 she won Oscar first of the lead in &quot; To Each His . Own
The film under was released in Germany the title &quot; .
Three years later , the award came best in William actress Wyller &apos;s The &quot; Heiress ( ) The Er
Much recognition was as her as her also neurotic in eccentriric &quot; dark Der and &quot; mirror snake pit &quot; Die zuteil &quot; .
du Daphne Maurier proposed her for 1952 in lead role of the film adaptation of her novel My Cousin Rachel &quot; .
One piece became worldwide success
With her bed girlfriend Davis longyears played in her for &quot; Lullaby a corpse &quot; .
Benjamin married with the writer Marcus in 1946 to Goodrich ( ) in 1953
In Paris , de Havilland married Pierre had journalist Paul Galante and his daughter with Gisèle .
This marriage also broke .
about rumors affair one of the British with former Prime Minister were confirmed Edward Heath however never confirmed .
Road Timmendorf &quot; to Beach volleyball &quot; : Thole / Wickler miss final comeback at
The World Cup second Thole Julius Clemens and missed the &quot; at the Wickler beach volleyball tournament Road &quot; Timmendorf to Finale .
At the Top Teams Düsseldorf in national team colleagues were defeated to their Nils and Lars Ehlers Flüggen with : 1 2 17 : ( 21 , 17 : 19 , : ) 21
Most recently Thole / had played at WicklSeptember last Rome at the Tour Final World in Rome .
Final Im Rhein their defeat at the conqueringer Flüggen Ehlers / the against surprise team Lukas and his Pfretschner interim partner Steven van de 0 with Velde 2 : 17 ( 21 17 : , 21 : ) .
In addition to the show tournament three , starting places were the for German early championships in September Timmendorfer Strand : The tickets secured Armin secured Dollinger Simon / Kulzer Manuel , / Harms Peemüller Richard and Simon Pfretschner / Sievers Milan
Calbitz ejection from confirmed AfD - speaks of FDP &quot; fig leaf
The exclusion of Andreas von Kalbitz is the from the AfD of the FDP perspective only a &quot; fig leaf &quot; and does not change the character party of .
The &quot; AfD is the arm parliamentary right-wing extremists in Germany .
Kalbitz is Andreas only the part of the tip in iceberg of the AfD radicals , &quot; said the Benjamin FDP interior politician Strasser of the news agency dpa .
The Federal Arbitration Court AfD on had the Saturday in Stuttgart negotiating several hours hour exclusion the calbice of , ming the federal board of the majority in May
is chairman Kalbitz of the AfD parliamentary ction the Afburger Landtag .
&quot; If the AfD were really concerned about right-wing extremists , consistently removing their from party , functionaries would have been Björn and as Höcke had long excluded his long supporters , &quot; said , Strasser .
&quot; However , there is no will to this in the AfD , because right-wing extremism is now part of the party .
Markus said similarly : CSU General Secretary Blume &quot; The That that Kalbitz expdes Andreas , now nothing says nothing changed and &quot; nothing said , he world &quot; the Sunday
&quot; Rather , it speaks volumes how many a frenetic supporter has in the middle of the right-wing extremists in AfD &quot; .
goes from Blume that AfD , in elections that will land under five in the future . percent
&quot; The days AfD are in counted parliaments &quot; .
Kalbitz was spokesman of one officially of the meanwhile the &quot; dissolved &quot; wing around Thuringian the AfD state Björn and group chairman Höcke ; Verfassungsschutz der classifies the coronation &quot; as a right-wing extremist aspiration &quot; .
Mai Im Kalbitz had thrown the AfD board of the . Party
As there was reason that he had Kalbitz had his membership of former membership in the forbidden now farwing extremist &quot; Deutsche Jugend Heimattreuen ( &quot; ) HDJ and the Republicans .
Kalbitz membership denies in the HDJ
the also chairman of the left group in the Brandenburg tag Sebastian Landtag , Walter , emphasized the decision of the Federal Arbral Court did not change the character of the : AfD &quot; The wolf has only eaten chalk .
The AfD one remains far-right party , whether Kalbitz with or without
Neither with this decision became the Federal Party nor weakened wings of the . right
Manoeuvre The &quot; of the transparent able . is Meuthen-troupe
a one wants to further observation protection of the Constitution through and escape trying to get under the radar , &quot; said Walter
&quot; The AfD won &apos;t release ghosts she called them ,
A changed expjection does nothing yet , &quot; said SPD Secretary General Brandenburger Stohn commented on the Erik decision in the Kalbitz
Here &quot; AfD-Landesverband and the faction held the still right-wing right to its &quot; .
The surrounding legal dispute that of membership Kalbitz who in will AfD continue .
He announced that Saturday would take against decision of the Federal Arbral Court now civil law now .
North Sea wind farms supply a good 21 percent more electricity
Wind power plants on The North Sea North Sea fed into electricity grid the first six in months of terawatt hours 11.51 grid .
are a good 21 percent more than that in the same previous year , which shared Tennet Bayreuth network operator
Tennet is responsible for the transmission the North Sea electricity to the mainland and the forwarding through the German electricity grid .
The wind turbines , the Baltic Sea belonging to the non-grid area of Tennet , have further terat hours of 2.22 TWh ( fed ) electricity .
the total from wind power and the North thus Baltic Sea to TWh 13.73 , 11.64 compared to a good TWh first in the half of 2019 .
The on Windernte See thus accounts for almost percent 19 wind electricity of the entire of in ; about example , are four percentage points more than a year ago
Wind farms ensure higher generation capacities
The increased contribution offshore wind energy which results in the higher in addition to wind conditions , generating capacities the because in twelve past months new wind have gone to wind farms grid .
If the 1270 in wind power plants of the North Sea were all with power at the same time , run full fully mathematically they could generate electricity 6.7 gigawatts .
The transmission capacity is sufficient ; it is according to 7.1 Tennet at Gigawatt .
It is expected to rise the German gigawatt 17 on North Sea by 2030 .
&quot; In and in Germany Netherlands , we are we are investing 20 in euros billions the expansion of offshore grid connections that which said , &quot; Tennis Managing Director Tim .
of the , wind farms reality can also not reach sea on their , capacity but about 40 . percent
Previous This this record day in year 2 is January , when North Sea wind farms produced more the than six electricity gigawatts
On average In the North Sea wind turbines , the 2.5 approximately gigawatts to 3.0 electricity , this corresponds to three to four nuclear power plants .
could almost households could be supplied millions of electricity .
&quot; Kunst &quot; Skirmish - an exhibition by the artist Leipziger Christian in Galerie Bold der Gmünder des the .
almost one The small was anniversary celebration to the . 130
the birthday of Gmünder Kunstverein : The exhibition opening Skirmish &quot; Arbeiten &quot; with the Leipzig Bold artist Christian blew up the frame after Corona break
Many more art lovers usually pursued this as a dialogue between the artist the and the chairman Kunstverein , Professor Ripper Dr. .
Equivalent musical The volume &quot; delivered the Defenders the of Universe on &quot; the southern .
the Northern Gallery involved the Sandtogether association &quot; . &quot;
: Windbergfest Freital cancelled for Corona
The Windbergfest takes place this not year .
The Freital city in September cancelled the planned festival for three days .
In years of others over people had 30,000 city festival . this visited this
&quot; We have truly not made this easy for ourselves - and in the awareness of how economically it hoped for the - involved is the last to the minute &quot; , Lord Mayor explained ( Uwe Rumberg ) .
But &quot; ultimately we organizers as here the health responsible for many people a thousand . &quot;
Because if tens of thousands of fixed grounds were this and the marquee had been lowed at minimum vals , hygiene regulations , as well as a corona protection regulation in accordance with the contact tracking could not be observed .
Or restrictions that would have been strongly so that of &apos; Volksfest one would not have much left .
In addition , the organizational and monitoring effort would increase disproportionately many times .
Rumberg consoled year . next
Then it celebrates its city of Freital Existence 100th under with the Winterbergfest others from until 9 7 and 2021 the Saxony Day of the 10th from 12 to September 2021
Dressage Olympic champion in Werth zu Achleiten not
Achleiten - Olympic Champion The six-time Isabell was Werth the outstanding rider at the dressage tournament . Austrian Achleiten
The Rheinberg 51-year-old came to victories at the weekend at four starts . four
After the start of Weihegold won a and Quantaz won a Grand , Prix she was also hit in the Sunday Prix Grand Special and in not the freestyle .
On the mare Weihegold 15-year-old , Werth Sonntag Special am prevailin the clearly against Victoria Max-Theurer Austrian Abegglen .
In Also freestyle of the German Saturday was on front of Quantaz of her clearly 34 old year-old student Max-Theurer Victoria .
Werths Quantaz winning horse . belongs to Max-Theurer
The most successful dressage rider in the world is to establish in the ten-year stallion Prix
For it Quantaz was the first ever freestyle .
at the first already tournament three in Achleiten had won all exams important four before Werth weeks ago .
last The three of the international tournaments for is planned there the 14 to 16 August .
Future future in more Worms air traffic controllers
The Wormser goes to the university : The &quot; Lüfte DFS Deutsche &quot; donates Flugsicherung professorship for Air traffic &quot; Management . &quot;
corresponding one between the contract of the university was now signed the DFS in Worms .
The contract was initially concluded for and three years 2021
With professorship of there is the start of the study , possibility to enable not only in the summer , but also in the winter semester .
can make many students twice as trained as .
At the same time , the capacities of both the university and university as at the air navigation Academy of DFS are utilized .
The S will advise DFS the university institution in the and occupation of professorship of the .
an 2019 Represented since the university since university
Since the summer semester , 2019 , in the first students of their framework training air traffic controllers to the at Worms University in Traffic Management .
students started for nine years .
the so far are experiences very much of DFS , positive which of the achievements students are excellent .
The combination of studying pilot training and makes a significant contribution to further increasing the attractiveness of the pilot profession .
In &quot; these times , promotion easily does not fall economical .
but we firmly expect so that air traffic recovers and grows again in the long term
also In order to be able to fulfil with our legal order in legal future , highly we qualified personnel , &quot; says Professor Scheurle Klaus-Dieter , Chairman Managing Director of DFS at the signing of the contract .
&quot; DFS the For , the future-proof owed professorship is an , investment air traffic controllers that will convey a long-term broad professional , cross-knowledge base knowledge base .
We put cooperation which therefore continue with good of and university at the same time underpin the attractiveness our as &apos; employers .
This is also lined by Professor Jens Dr. Hermsdorf , President Worms of the university &quot; : Endowed professorship The important one forms bridge and between science industry .
With it , we would like to build on the DFcooperation of DFS German PraxisPartner Flugsicherung as the dual bachelor &apos;s program in Air Traffic Management &quot; .
The trust of air traffic control Germans for is the university and Worms motivation commitment at the same obligation to further expand their teaching research competence and in future fields those of aviation transport
In use for air traffic controllers the tomorrow , university could put the first with endowed professorship first for a very dual course of study highlights and special innovative priorities for students .
Dr. Alt , Denis at the Ministry of State Secretary Science for Contining Education and Culture , emphasises : The &quot; University of Worms , with its focus , ms has a unique selling point in Rhineland-Palatinate .
The signing cooperation agreement today strengthens that of the profile .
lands rescue screwdriver on the 45 A
About 30 minutes which was 45 closed on the highway A Saturday afternoon towards full of Aschaffenburg , after since a rescue helicopter traffic accident was in use .
A 76-year-old drove one with Ford 12.40 around in o &apos;clock exit which ended in Alzenau-Mitte of the curve ended straight ahead of and at Leitplanke .
Due to the impact , the , front tairbags from the driver suffered minor injuries on the face and had to be taken to one in hospital .
The injuries of the passenger 72-year-olds were emergency doctor from the and provided the patient then flown with rescue helicopter in hospital .
Currently the police assume that , there is no danger of life .
Vehicle The damaged , which caused a damage caused about Euro 2000 had to be towed , .
Heil wants to other industries by meat industry
Corona crisis The brought to light parts of the conditions in the meat industry .
Law tighations are imminent
But right they are and - will it remain ?
Federal Labour Minister Hubertus ( Heil wants to SPD after ) review the now planned strict against regulations of the grievances in also meat industry other industries .
&quot; We will look at the industry for industry for and then the respective industry measures , take suitable if it is necessary &quot; said , Heil in the German Press Agency Berlin .
Employers of Germany already warn against restricting works contracts in general .
After the ona Corona outbreak at the meat giant Tönnies in North Rhine-Westphalia , this Federal Cabinet wants law to a Wednesday of law .
Large slaughterhouses should use slaughter decomposition , in and meat processing no foreign personnel may longer use .
should be prohibited ed the purpose of contract contracts and temporary workers there .
Employer &apos;s President Ingo Kramer said dpa der : &quot; away fingers of a general restriction of work contracts workers employment and one if , not the whole economy wants to chogle &quot; .
are work contracts an example of long ones to the field of trade , construction industry of and mandatory plant construction the basis for their value creation .
The &quot; individual mists can destroy an not such important instrument &quot; .
Heil assured : &quot; My goal is not to ban works contracts in everywhere German of the economy . &quot; . &quot;
are work contracts .
&quot; If industrial enterprise commissioned an commissioned craftsman to install security system , this is a whole factory contract more normal &quot; .
German meat industry One considers the ban and temporary work of works contracts in the own industry of their unconstitutional . for
be not It , explable why when portioning and packaging cheese other labour law are in the future than in at , sausage in it is says statement of a legislative project , such as &quot; the New Osnabrücker ( newspaper &quot; ) Saturday .
In a case , ban consumer price would therefore increase by up to percent 10 per 20 kilos of product and .
Eastern European employees often out in plant contract companies in the industry after the examination of a results NRW-Arbeitsschutz verwaltung of the 16 partly hours a day
Often had none .
Wage for protective equipment retained or rent
It was also noted that the that situation accommodation was often frequent by employees . miserable
Heil said that a relatively sharp law had already entered into force for meat industry .
But these were bypassed by &quot; tricky constructions &quot; .
&quot; Now must be cleaned dy &quot;
Politicians announced Der announced : &quot; In the Occupational and Safety Act that we want to decide in decide at the end of July , also measures that , not the only meat industry - for example , test rates higher occupational safety in the clear criteria or for community accommodation &quot; .
the draft amendments before the dpa includes law of securing the of workers &apos; rights of the in and of the meat industry .
Brandenburg &apos;s Nonnemach Minister of Consumer Protection Ursula ( Greens considers ) more intensive controls . necessary for
I would &quot; wish that in we can still do more controls in many supervisory areas : food controls , animal welfare , everything , for example , including animal transport , &quot; said Nonnemacher on Sunday of the in RBB broadcast &quot; Brandenburg aktuell &quot; .
for , controls , more staff are also necessary .
at Tote Three crash ultralight aircraft in Germany
In the crash of a Wesultrultra-ight aircraft Wesel into an apartment house of German North Rhine-Westphalia in the state , according to the police people three died .
was child One was slightly hurt .
People another two in misfortune was rescued was injured said , a district control center Wesel of the spokesman .
At the accident site of one was found parachute , police were the
The Rheinische Post &quot; reported &quot; , citing eyewitnesses that before a crash of the hot air balloon collided with an aircraft .
The house is single or a two-family house .
No more details were known at first .
eviction of Opernplatz Frankfurter run peaceful peacefully
One after a week in the Frankfurt riots is also that of the eviction Opera Square in the night of Sunday went on peaceful .
Finally , some of people dozen left him on him , but began before the at 1 curfew clock .
Police The has been numerous with the evening since early evening , in use throughout urban city police was greater one .
was for the first time first weekend from a midnight for the ban on operation Opernplatz the , which had come on before a riots week .
policemen had been attacked out of the crowd of the celebrating bottles .
five At least officers were police entries after injured police vehicles damaged several , .
Night That was also quiet on Saturday .
car boy car boy : Woman at on accident Bundesstraße 83 Hofgeismar in injured
In an accident between Schöneberg and suffered a hundge on the 21-year-old Sunday 13.25 against o clock injuries .
was taken to the Klinikum Kassel
With the passengers With the passengers fire brigade possible .
According to the woman , police was on road on Bundesstraße 83 of the direction of her place of residence Hümme as her car , for an unexplained previously cause from the road and descappeared over several times .
In order to save the accident , the fire brigade had to save the roof of the free cut car .
unclear Since whether there was still someone in the vehicle , adjacent the corn field was searchfrom the rotary ladder with thermal imaging camera of one .
Also the drone squaffel Warburg , the thermal imaging cameras also with , works person search that had been ordered for .
However , they found not between anyone the high corn plants .
The seriously injured was taken with ambulance to the Klinikum Kasseler for further care .
50 Almost forces of the fire brigade Hofgeismar , Hümme and Schöneberg were on site
Bundesstraße Die was closed for two hours due to the accident .
Juventus Turin Champion Italy in
Turin - redeemtive After goal a Cristiano Ronaldo of Juventus &apos;s record champion has secured the Italian for the Turin time in ninth series .
around The team world football baller the five times overall made the Scudetto history 36th of the 2 with one : ( : 1 0 ) 0 at the home game Sunday evening in against Sampdoria perfect Genoa .
Ronaldo scored 1 to : 0 of the . Half time
With 83 Turin points , most recently without which the long-injured former player Sami Khedira started , two days not A of place of the series of the end of the season .
The Milan table Milan is Inter seven points .
Juventus despite more optical was in superiority of the first harmless , half time then hit after Ronaldo one with free kick variant the last of the action .
An addition Miralem by Pjanic 35-year-olds used that of the penalty area limit with a direct flat shot 45 . + ( 7 ) .
Against the now more open guests also Ronaldo was involved in : 2 0 , his dusty after Federico Schuss Bernardeschi 67 ( ) .
was thus the lackluster decisive but , secured success .
The foulle meter shot at the latte in minute of the 89th only Ronaldo should be with a look Torjhunter classification that have right .
complicated &quot; It is to stay physical and mentally for at minutes ball height 90 .
The games are , strangely the momentum and changes &quot; slightly much , coach Maurizio explained after Sarri the 1 at : 2 Calcio Udinese Thursday . am
especially Before the mental exhaustion of his sei player said the great , juve coach .
Because of the defeat , the Turin had did not been able to do perfect championship .
The ultimately sassuring lead at the top of the table ve was due to the weakness of the competitors .
because in games before the eleven game on Sunday the only Sarriteam victories had succeeded .
Ronaldo also Whether still , scorer is questionable
While the Portuguese superstar scored goals scored goals 31 , the former Dortmund Immobile Ciro has after his pack of three pack 5 : the 1 ( 1 ) : 1 fourth of the Lazio at the Rome Hellas already Verona 34 goals on his - as many , Robert Lewandowski contributed to the title win of FC Bayern .
The juve professional holds the record Italy in today . Gonzalo Higua
Argentine The scored season in the / 2015 36 goals 2016 for Naples the SSC .
In August waiting for the &quot; Old Lady &quot; Italian of the next football title chance .
Juventus is in the round of 16 , but the Champions League has play 7 August at the Lyon Olympique against a 0 1 first leg side : make up to reach Lisbon in the final tournament .
In the knockout round would next or Madrid Real City Manchester would wait as
Baden-Württemberg : 250 About illegal recorded car races
- Stuttgart All penalties threatened and court rulments Despite the give drivers countless in races on illegal Baden-Württemberg : roads gas continue year Last and the four of this first months year , the southwest has already registered more than illegal than 250 car races .
Comparative values for previous years that do not exist , but the Raser judicial authorities are making the increasing : Work With between Konstance the prosecutors &apos;s offices and Mannheim , a total of investigation 155 were introduced in 2018 for illegal races , year later it was already and 252 in the beginning of June already 151 .
The fewer races were about around organized , such as that of the answer Ministry of Interior request on which a Landtag SPD .
In most cases , spontaneously the drivers competed against each other or they had ed from the seized police - the also race is reported as illegal .
On sat tax before men especially in the German 18 age between and years . 60
Fines 113 - times 15
in comparatively Only a few cases the and caught Raser Kasse also asked to : Ministry of the Interior , have been imposed since a total of 113 2018 and fines were imposed imprisonsentences .
However , there are no indications of that illegal number of car races .
Rather , other drivers responacted because of accidents of tragic processes and past years than earlier more sensitive and , more often a said spokesman
Particularly popular with fastazers highway the again and again 8th brake drivers there the traffic , out to get space and free track the one for use race .
Last In August , a driver was dozen near that of Kirchheim unter Teck , caught three months earlier even there were drivers 18 on A8 of the .
is A81 &quot; most popular &quot;
On the A81 registers the even police races more than on the federal highway of each other .
a With speed limit there it is made to slow down the speazers the particularly affected between section and narrowgen .
The and mostly sports high-priced pffed luxury cars and often have license plates Swiss , because the drivers dodge the lawn due to the high penalties to fast and driving in car racing neighboring country .
For those , SPD must not reduce the speed limit to just a few routes : &quot; With a speed limit general 130 of kilometers per hour , we would create this problem motorways from body , &quot; , Martin Rivoir , traffic expert of the
&quot; The significant speer for inhibitory threshold , not higher if you should be travel here and there with 200 kilometers per hour per more &quot; .
From enlightenment image campaigns or holds less Rivoir : &quot; Whoever in such a way overregards all the rules not and only the , own but also life on the road user of others , is hardly accessible with still reason . &quot;
ADAC calls for stronger police to take through of the
ADAC , on the other hand , this is not enough for this &quot; We : assume that Tempolimits &apos;s Raser are not deterred by the ones , &quot; says Holger , Head of Department Bach Transport Environment and Württemberg at .
It also demands additional and harder routes affected on the controls .
This painful painful serious from rare and showof strength : From January and 2019 to April , three people nationraces died in 2020 , two of which an uninvolved crash nightly the in downtown Stuttgart and one in Gerlingen .
There in November , two young men are said to have a car race .
One of the vehicles of came road that , boashed ed garden wall and one remained on the side , the 18-year-old passenger died .
21 more people have been injured in the past two races . Years
In , however , sharpeners are not necessary by Interior Minister Thomas Strobl &quot; : more islators not sanction the need to action illegal harghce motor vehicle races , &quot; seen , says the paper Ministry of the Interior .
Blue light from 23 July : Burglar Thirsty steals drinks from sn
Rohrdorf : Man One am in Thursday ( district Rohrdorf Calw ) snack bar into one and broke and cash drinks .
A against witness 3.40 clock heard sounds noise valley road in the and ran towards the snack .
he noticed an There man himself left at the fridge with served drinks snack and the connection through in the previously an entrance door .
The perpetrator fled direction in that of the snack behind meadows .
Burglar The police also at a checkout and stole cash low in the three-digit area
Sussuspect He is as described : It is about 1.80 to 1.75 in meters and of stronger .
In fact , he wore a hoodie black , pants and bright shoes
Others accepts the testimnesses police .
sprinints Ackermann to win victory final stage at on Sibiu Tour
Proclist Pascal Ackermann won his victory of the day on final stage of the 10th of the Sibiu Tour second .
The 26th Palatine old Bora-hansgrohe from the set team on the 109 9-kilometlong section with start and finish in Sibiu in the mass sprint , through after he had already won a Saturday .
The were victories were the season for and four . Acker
His Austrian Gregor team mate ion Mühlberger prevailed .
The 26-year-old confisoverently had decided this on the mountain time trial morning and thus took the lead in the class .
Only 104 riders had competed at the final stage of the evening .
Not than 18 starters were victim to the time limit in the mountain time trial .
“ I &apos;m really happy to season restart the with a to victory , ” according to Ackermann had explained his success on Saturday .
The sprint &quot; was really hectic , &quot; said the 26-year-old .
before 300 of the meter finish he simply Sprint , his attracted it &quot; and also perfectly .
According to the rules UCI World Association , a Corona test and their companions was made race participants and their companions six days ago .
During the complete and round trip driver superviswere isolated in hygiene bubbles from the well as well organizational team organizthe media .
Viewers at the start and not finish were . admitted .
Headcenter Instruction for gave amateur resuscitation
Düsseldorf Accident Traggic - Sunday noon Düsseldorf-Garath am . in
In apartment house in a child ( 4 baim while ) suddenly lifeless in the . Water
According to the emergency call that went received shortly before clock 13 .
A control center dispant &quot; gave instructions lay reusanimation itation to the &quot; fire brigman , one said BILD .
The rescue workers took over the later revival measures .
in The danger of life child floating was resuscitation among the in university clinic
it is why . Unclear
Police has The routinely investigation the accident of accident .
The fire refgman : go &quot; one of tragic accident that in out of apartment &quot; .
Nuremberg : Unapproved tuning meeting - police intervene , 700 vehicles and around 1,
Hundreds of cars temporarily and involved 1000 over Saturday night people attended tuning meetings a &quot; parking lot on a furniture store
She implemented her police announcement to control such more events .
A big tuning meeting took place ( Saturday evening 25 2020 July ) in southern stadt of Nürnberger .
Several hundred involved vehicles .
According to the police , Middle Franconia was around 10.30 p.m. Nuremberg was increased by the traffic police increased a vehicle volume of an area in the large parking lot in the Ingolstädter Straße .
as a result , police made large number of one of vehicle controls .
only before , the police had announced to wanted to take so-called autopers .
in Illegales : Nuremberg Tuning meeting Only less from part &quot; of the &quot; scene .
The officials counted among the 700 well top vehicles and 1,100 people approximately accounted for , the police .
is , however , only a small part of the &quot; autopsis present of the tuning scene &quot; - .
Apparently , the majority relevant scene came to that of the after appeal . Police
Based on the location of the front and vehicles people can be assumed that this was mostly around .
In addition , the proportion prevvalent in the present kept the infection protection regulations , in particular , adhercompliance with that the and the minimum distance of a moud-nose protection .
The place carried out before control measures ended around 1 00 :
In total of officials in the vehicles found 10 structural changes , operating licence that the was extinct .
Four of these vehicles had to be ensured .
No
There were no illegal car races
The &quot; Police Headof Middle Franconia will continue keep an eye at the events and continues to lead , through increased control measures also in the context of the rise of oners , &quot; , it said .
The agency spoke News5 with Schrödinger Jürgen involved towing company from &quot; : have all rims beautiful , they must not &quot; scratch so .
special tapes would be used .
Also because cars broaden that , his company must pay sure not to do damage
The young &quot; should people should finally get their cars back without scathed &quot; .
Employment Agency Figures of : 900 susppicected abuse use in short-time
Berlin - for the Federal Agency ( BA ) , according to its own statement , suspected cases 900 to abuse of short-time worker money in .
This is &quot; than with more companies 880,000 , the short-time work indicated , extremely little , &quot; said for the operational Executive board business Daniel responsible of Terzenbach &quot; Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung &quot; .
When suddenly many companies at the beginning , Corona crisis would have applied for short-time work , which BA had to react quickly .
Normally the test up to three to weeks .
So &quot; much time was not available in us this stage .
All the more accurate we will look at final statements .
There will certainly be a lot
We are not naive and have a long breath &quot;
indications of abuse often from the affected concerned trade unions or
In addition , analysis software uses the BA to detect abuse patterns .
According to the Terzenbach BA is preparing for possible in the wave of insolvency one before autumn .
&quot; Will there be significantly more insolvencies than in the previous year ?
Estimates The apart , but we prepare for us of the case already train and employees now our the applications in for employment agencies insolvency money &quot; .
the still are inconspicuous numbers , Terzenbach said
World Heritage in Potsdam : dissolved in the New Party Garden
On Potsdam Friday evening - about 40 young people celebrated a party in the Garten Neue .
The collection at clock 8.48 the district were by the Foundation Castösser Preußische Gardens and SPSG ( dissolved ) , which the foundation on PNN request .
The young people left the park
On Saturday evening , some would have played new in the young garden Rugby New .
Meadow The had been cleared by district drivers SPSG spokesman said Frank Kallensee Sonntag .
Again and again celebrations of illegal parks
In the Parks Foundation of which repeatedly to accumulations in which the distance hygiene rules and not Covid-19 contact regulation are ance are with .
At the end of June , the celebration was one with 300 people , about in the park , Babelsberg came a week later about 150 people in the New Garden .
Even without Coronaverorder parks , those of the fall in the dark are closed
The according to the meadows is parking order , there are only few exceptions .
The foundation has complaining for some long time that getting visitors would destroy garbage more and protected leave biotopes .
In illegal Berlin park parties have reached a dimension of others .
In the Hasenheide district in Neukölln , people celebrated illegal one during the night 5000 to Sunday .
The event was disbanded by the police .
Austria : Mass tests after Corona eruption
With tests , hundreds of authorities have responded to a Wolfgang St. popular in the Corona outbreak of Upper Austrian tourist town
Number The confirmed of cases rose to 48 , state authorities such as those in reported Linz .
More than 100 results were pending in the evening .
many Accord, many infected are the young interns in tourism companies , even one was at least holiday guest tested positive .
, residents guests and tourism staff were asked to stay their accommodation on Saturday evening .
The curfew was set at 23 o &apos;clock .
There are &quot; there and cancellations &quot; of cancellations bookings , the said Tourist Board of the chief , Lake Hans Wieser der , . d
Some guests also left prematurely .
St. is the tourist resort most important , Upper Austria than with more overnight stays 400,000 last year .
In one season , about a third of German guests are
On Friday , first infections had become public that became known .
The the head , Alois District office Authority Lanz defended on , Saturday the behavior interns of who celebrated in local several and had been infected there .
&quot; We have all made in our youth , &quot; he told the radio station . Ö
However , Friday , two bars were closed to prevent more .
The one tourism association launched , information campaign young to raise awareness of dangers employees of the Covid-19 .
From Saturday hundreds then were tested by employees , and holidaymakers .
in addition , all guests who were in St. Wolfgang from July 15 .
The awakens outbreak memories of Austrian of the ski and party place Ischgl in Tyrol , the initial phase of the in pandemic one of the Corona spread of the center throughout Europe .
In total , 1500 than Austria are currently more infected with people the virus .
new infections are and Vienna Upper Austria .
Premier League Man United : and qualified for Chelsea
( dpa London ) The football record champion English Manchester returns to the champions after an absence .
The Red Devils finished last in third place on League Premier match day by a : 0 ( 0 ) 0 win against direct competival City Leicester .
Foxes Those must now be content for with League Europa , which still FC Chelsea and also finished fourth for as a premier class .
Fight In the against descent Aston was allowed to cheer
Manchester took United by lead by one ( Bruno Fernandes ) Minute 1st
a After for Red Card in City Leicester , extra time of the Lingard Jesse ( + 90 . ) hit 8 final .
Chelsea , opponent of the Champions League round of 16 FC , Bavaria won the Wolverhampton Wanderers thanks to Mount ason 4( 4vier + Olivier and Giroud 45 ( 4 + ) 2 with : 0 ( 2 against 0 ) .
&quot; That means a lot to me , said &quot; coach Frank Lampard , who in the first of his Chelsea coach as a season also in the final FA of Arsenal against Cup
Chelseas Wolverhampton also benefited from victory Hotspur also Tottenham , who moved with 1 with a lean : ( 1 : 1 ) at 0 still Palace Crystal passed past Wolves sixth and in when the Europe starts League .
Villa Aston won the distance duel with Bournemouth and AFC Bournemouth , but had to tremble West at Ham United for a long time .
The late Jack leadership of Grealish ( 84 . ) Yarmolenko equated Andrey 85 . ) ( immediately .
The 1 : 1 ( 0 ) : reached 0 but because , with : Watford 2 3 ( 1 3 : at ) Arsenal
The club , which hashed in the three coach season , five after relegated first division years .
Just like Bournemouth that , himself : by 3 a 1 ( 2 ) 1 : at the FC no not Everton could save .
lmissing end At . one point
The Liverpool FC , has been champion English as the end June , secured with : a 3 1 ( 1 ) victory at a Newcastle United club record .
99 counters are highest of the value of the eds have ever scored in ever football season .
Klorecord Klopp Jürgen missed his the English football coach with only a team .
The holds record Manchester with points City of the 100 in season 2017 18 . /
After the Newcastle lead in the first shot minute Virgil ( van Dijk Divock 38 . ) , Origi 59 9. ( Sadio ) and ( Mané 89 . ) play the Sunday for .
&quot; For this wonderful club a season it was extraordinary , &quot; said scorer Dijk van after , the game &quot; that should spire us to defend title .
&quot; It &apos;s be difficult .
Satisfied to also end to also be the . Premier League bosses
Due to the Coronavirus crisis , football operations was been interrupted in England from England until 13 March 17 .
In the meantime , even demolition a premature or a remaining of the neutral games on ground was discussed .
finally , however , the season could be played without special to events - as however , in Germany without spectators in . the stadiums
Arrests Violence Demonstrations and against Netanyahu
The protests in Israel against Prime Minister Netanyahu are becoming ever and .
In the night of there have been violent clashes .
Police has Israeli Die of the in night Sunday Jerusalem to participate against a violent demonstration right-wing conservative the against head Minister Benjamin Netanyahu .
Twelve for people were arrested in participation riots , shared with police spokesman . Micky
The police things , among other , put water cannons to dissolve the rally .
According to media reports , a total of Netanyahu &apos;s official had gathered the people on 6evening around Saturday evening .
They unemployment protested against corruption , handling and Netanyahus of the Corona
The protesters and drums blew into horns and called for resignation to Netanyahu
It also a participant arrested counter-demonstration that was Netanyahu , supported , news page the reported &quot; ynet &quot; .
in many other places in Israel demonstrated people , in front of the villa of the private government in coastal city of Caesarea and a park in Tel in
Man One was police information who arrested near Tel , Aviv suspicion because below is out to have a moving pepper spray car on the demonstrator on roadside .
Another man , after a knife attack on demonstrators one was arrested in the country &apos;s south .
Demonstrator had been slightly injured on The neck .
In Jerusalem Tel and Aviv there have recently been against Netanyahu demonstrations .
Rallies accompany The corruption process against the head of government .
Last Netanyahu was also criticized for his the . Corona
Among other things , he is considered to asing premature lack and preparation a second on . Corona
That of the Corona crisis has added heavy to the economy country .
The last unemployment rate was more 20 than percent
The number of with the new infection Coronavirus Israel in recently rose to ever new .
at ( Unfall Ahlen ) NRW - Transporter auf kracht - Auto - nine injured - Bild.de Ruhrgebiet
Ahlen - Rar-end collision demanded Ein on Saturday afternoon of nine on B58 nine at Ahlen at Ahlen .
Car driver was one with her children both 3 ( , 5 ) direction in Beckum
The police : &quot; Presumably slowed down suddenly because she wanted to turn &quot; .
That must be seen driver of the Mercedes transporter one , behind which drove her , late too well have .
He crashed at the back of the car .
In an accident , the three occupant was car in the that and six transporter was slightly injured .
Several ambulances took her to a surrounding hospital
North Korea loels border town of Corona suspicion
North Korea in so far the saw measures own to defend a &quot; success shining of the coronavirus .
Now for the first time , the country reports on a suspicion case .
Because of an official first in the Corona suspicion , Land North Korea has been afraid of a city from disaster a completely complete .
Despite the strictest epidemiological in defensive measures past the six &quot; months , malicious virus could have been introduced to the country &quot; , state media reported .
For the Kaesong the Kaesong border stadt , the state of emergency had been imposed .
communist leadership The called the alarm level highest .
Should the suspicion is confirmed , the case of infection would be official first Sars-CoV-2 with in isolated .
so far , according to North Korea , had not registered a single and infection as defensive measures described its &quot; luminous success .
Information was doubted abroad .
According to the , reports were found in a &quot; outlier that July had crossed on the 19th illegally military demarcation line and between South North Korea .
The person had three after years ago South Korea and dropped posed that had now returned across the border .
For the buffer zone wide within four crossing of the kilometers still and largely military zone , there was South Korea no from initial confirmation .
South Korea &apos;s military , however , according to the national Yonhap news agency , admitted the possibility of a North Korea to illegal border crossing .
investigations were to some people .
North Korea North Korea called own of suspicion of Saturday of the an emergency meeting of the Labour Party of the Politburo chair by ruler Kim Jong Un .
The &quot; dangerous situation in could Kaesong a destructive deadly and disaster &quot;
Kim had already taken measure Friday as a preventive , &quot; ordered Kaesong to completely block each and district region and which isolate from others &quot; it continued .
affected person The and all people in who Kaesong had contact with her had been quarantined .
central The Military commission should to examine the party the &quot; and outbreak the responsible conduct of the military unit hard and , if necessary , .
According to about 300,000 people live in Kaesong .
Tenitement before council meeting City-Ost : and noise protection are still under discussion before summer break
In addition to environmental issues &quot; , the committee members will also vote on the development plan Großprojekt Innenstadtentwicklung-Ost to &quot; , it is said in the incicasual middle part of the next press release municipal council for the meeting on Tuesday 28 , July , at 16.30 in the clock of the Great Hall Pforzheim CongressCentre .
especially The revaluation of the eastern , however , is controversial discussed until the end .
The majorities for this , scarare present in last committees individual depending on the even negative .
One out of the appeal business construction ( real estate , and IT trade das ) , citizenship of then and by administration municipal council and did not let project fail after almost years of ten now criticiopponopponent &quot; Reinhard as Klein Opposition , &quot; extra-parliamentary &quot; unsuspecting speculation &quot; , &quot; deigation and &quot; conscious false statements &quot; .
Everyone &quot; think to know it better &quot; Klein , according to the municipal council representative of the citizens list Pforzheim forzlist for a single one than year .
In fact , after he reading contracts in : &quot; Position of this , I know what I talking about &quot;
The exit comes that the city cheaper the Technical town hall is , contrary to statements of the city administration according to grants , whose existence of convinced is Klein , to ate 8.5 for million euros .
City The will develop quite differently than one predicted in the town hall and on the part of the supporters of those .
The city does not own one by force and investor to shape That is : its plan day B. One according to Klein the FDP / FW UB / LED faction that which also rejects alternative
It also provides renovation the technical of the town hall open closure , the castle ßberg of the rental , the ex-Thales of the administrative space for a and small-part ideal case city center transformation with local in the carrier .
Environmental issues play a role central
In addition , an environmental topic will play the central role . Role
among other things , the municipal council will vote on the noise action
This various to includes measures protect the Pforzheimer from the population health traffic , caused by noise pollution the below , often .
In a press release , the , the Germany Transport Club welcomes the pace of widespread introduction of The 30th political city of those in but are innocent of the fact that this must come because they have thinned bus traffic by neglect by little for commitment cycling to the increase that of the massive car traffic and thus noise of , according to VCD
also the over the municipal council that of the participation Stadt Energie- the Climate Protection Agency and Pforzheim / ab Enzkreis .
is addition to the agenda Accession of the Climate Protection Pact to the state of Baden-Württemberg which of the redefinition parental contributions in the and daycare institutions urban the in application for inclusion the Smart City funding Federation .
Citizens are welcome but must heed Corona safegumeasures
With much delay Tim Zimmermann starts the new
almost a half a delay year at Tim Zimmermann 31 into his July premiere season in the Masters GT ADAC
Before league that the supercars regular take up operation , test drives could now be the first .
Zimmermann It was all about getting to know his Lamborghini GT3 Huracan
The long has Corona crisis prevented time that carpenter Tim could to take his in the first new service Lamborghini of Huracan Racing Grasser attack in .
special under hygiene conditions . this now
Langenargener Der turned 23-year-old his first lunds on the Lausitzring was able and get used to his in the GT3 car
&quot; There are already a few , things that are different from out from the Porsche &quot; preseason , says Zimmermann
With &quot; ABS it is necessary to go example differently to in curves .
it really But has a lot of fun . &quot;
Zimmermann had fun with also Steijn Schothorst , with whom he will share his orange sports car GT Masters .
The Dutchman is despite his only 25 experienced in the year and GT sports new was able to help his many teammmate things .
&quot; I &apos;m not a beginner in motorsports but new ones , every series brings new challenges , &quot; says Zimmermann .
Steijn &quot; I and myself ourselves dazzling and we have made enormous on Lausitzring from to session . &quot;
Exactly - there at - Lausitzring GT , the also Masters race will be first .
from July 31 , 33 the supercars will race through Lusatia
Zimmermann , who is 15 of one series newcomers , but knows the track .
In 2015 he was a guest Motodrom .
&quot; It worked quickly and little had to get me the me , &quot; used Zimmermann who , for the Friedrichshshafen Zeppelin racing community .
&quot; The fast Lausitzring has many passages , you have to meet them quickly to be &quot;
fast As really carpenter is , this turns out in two weeks .
&quot; The poker teams with of course the tests a little , &quot; he says .
&quot; In the end we are very satisfied and look forward to the first on weekend at &quot; Lausitzring .
Race in The Brandenburg which will be the elude to crowpressed of a calendar .
By the beginning of November , seven will be scheduled for November .
, Current entary stand is none that allowed be viewers but - there is a prominent guest .
In mid-middle August Nürburgring at , Niko Ex-Formula 1 driver Hülkenberg will .
British by Transport Minister Quarantine Decision cold caught
Decision The British one who has to quarantine two government after Spanish holidaymakers dayers return of their weeks , transport minister , according to the press reports country of the cold .
Accordingly , Grant is currently Shapps Spain currently on holiday , his colleagues while at home on Saturday measure decided
Because of the Corona figures again rising in Spain , the cabinet stroelled in London from the country list of those of the countries are able to enter without a quarantine pditions .
The new scheme applies today , Sunday will so that Shapps must to quarantine even on his return .
In Austria has also imposed the quarantine measures government on returnees
But the regulation applies to those who are just on , holiday deadline only from Saturday , August was and not introduced overnight .
By the way , Spain is still far to considered one of the &quot; safe &quot; countries that is not needed for quarantine in Austria
Numerous ministers &quot; may have in advance , there is a possibility that a quarantine on holidaymakers will be Spain &quot; commented the Labour MEP .
&quot; But apparently no one has made to telling Shapps Grant &quot; . &quot;
Less under a month after the Corof emergency of emergency after the end of Spain and the expiration of the curfew , the number of infection rise again in the country again .
before virologists nightlife make all responsible for new spread .
Spain is to the dearest holiday countries of the British .
From unnecessary travel to mainland Spanish mainland currently advises the British , British are Balearic Islands and are popular holidaymakers and .
So far , in Spain than more 272,000 infections with the Coronavirus novel more and 28,000 than registered deaths .
Navy Russia : Day announces : Putin for hyperpersonic weapons
Russian President Vladimir Putin has announced on the Day of the Navy in his one country of equipping warships most modern .
With these unique in the world , combat opportunities would be the Russian of the extended naval forces , Putin said in Sunday at St. of Petersburg at central .
Ministry of Defense The agency also to Interfax also fax also informed about the successful tests built by navy for hypersonic missiles .
They have a multiple of the speed of sound around 343 seconds per meter
They are considered weapons of the
Underwater tropedeo continues to be built
It is also built on the atomic underwater torpedo is called , Poseidon it .
The planned is sea drone planned to destroy coastal targets .
The , president also of even one with , military boat drove said that this in 40 year ships would be put in service by individual fleet units of the largest in the country &apos;s earth .
Russia has a coastal area like big other no country of world .
300 For years , Navy protected Russia said reliably Putin the celebrated at sailors of nationwide .
in many Russian other coastal towns the naval forces the day with Marine Parades
In Syria Russia where , who fighting alongside ruler al-Assad Bashar , military demonstrated that of one at the arms show in the Tartus Mediterranean port of .
There was . Amunition fired
One was seen in the published Ministry of Defense video only not warships below , submarine one , also combat helicopters jets and
Hurricane &quot; Texas Hanna reached &quot; : help made difficult because Corona
- The Washington the first hurricane season this year that has across Atlantic Texas into ashore .
Floods Lie-threatening strong , winds and rainfall now threatened parts of the , US state shared the hurricane Center National NOAA of the US Climate Agency of the night to Sunday ( local
Governor Greg Abbott declared the state of emergency for many districts .
The in rampant Texas Corona pandemic work complicate the helpers of , Abbott continued to say US media .
called to the evacuated Caution
&quot; Everyone is hurricane tremendous a challenge , Abbott said newspaper according to the &quot; Houston . Chronicle &quot;
Looking regard the to cyclone in he added Texas : &quot; This is complicated and is even exacerbated , considering that it sweeps in territory that is strongon the Covid-19 of the affected state area &quot; .
According to the at Johns-Hopkins University , a result of the Corona pandemic , 5,000 have died in people in Texas alone .
Abbott called upon people who had to leave the houses , caution
They should disregard practices we have become accustomed to &quot; , not wearing masks , governor told the station according to CBS .
be it , important all that kept a distance .
Therefore , places at some have also been provided hotel rooms .
In addition , emergency accommodation in should be tested on Corona
damage was initially reported from the port coastal town Mansfield .
Storm warning withdrawn again
With wind speeds of up to 150 per kilometer hour &quot; Hanna was according to the authorities was hit on the island of Padre immediately Iceland of Texas off the coast .
The tropical storm had previously been upgraded to the hurricane of the lowest one stage .
For the from Port Mansfield to Sargent had an initial storm surge warning and later withdrawn .
a authorities expected weakening , &quot; while on &quot; Hanna moves up inland and heading northeast to Mexico .
&quot; Douglas moves Hawaii to Hawaii
In the Pacific , &quot; Hurricane Douglas &quot; was on the night Sunday with wind speeds around kilometers from 150 per hour
Hurricane Center This expected , but it would continue . we
according The prediction he is supposed to be on Sunday ( local time ) near the islands of largest Hawaii - his storm then as below scarce .
Above the Atlantic , this NOAA awaects an active hurricane season in year prediction of an above-average May .
June From to the end of November , up to ten to hurricanes of it could up to six very strong cyclones , which explains authority .
there is average In year per the six hurricanes across Atlantic , three of them develop more into storms strength .
Given the available and climate data of the higher water temperature in the Atlantic of the Caribbean and is probability normal the season is only 30 percent , one which was below average was even ten , percent then
US President Donald wrote Trump to Twitter that storms his exact government watching which and contact with affected in states
Four : Video assistant video assistant &quot; Sassuolo &quot; punished
Sassuolos Filip Djuricic were stripped of two goals
- Naples Four scored goals , goals strivoked four Calcio Sassuolo : experienced at 0 : ( 2 0 : ) at the SSC 1 Naples Italian in the series Football League A a raven black evening and was anright on the video assistant referees of .
&quot; A given non-festival gates Sassuolo for
Never before has the hart VAR taken one against team &quot; , commented the &quot; Corriere dello Sport . &quot;
Host Naples had taken into lead by goal of defender Elseid in Hisaj Minute the 8th , the 32nd in minute initially cheered Filip Djuricic compensation .
The Video Assistant VAR Referee ( took hits ) that of one due to side position .
Five later minutes Djuricic , Ball shot again into the net - again the attacked VAR
the gates Also of attackers ( Francesco Caputo 50 . ) Domenico and Berardi ( ) took 61st referee team that after VAR note of the
In extra time of the made Allan 2 0 final score : for and Naples bitter for evening the Sassuolo
&quot; The VAR is none for worse Sassuolo than a radar trap punished road of and like Sassuolo team
new technology The records ensures &quot; for which &quot; dello Sport Gazzetta &quot; .
Bayern FC Pavard Munich : injured
Munich dpa ( ) - The start into the hot preparation phase for the champions began for League Bayern doubles winner FC setback with one .
after the short of a holiday and a few &quot; training days reasonably good &quot; , Hansi Flick has to think first after team training to he , who can build successful injury from injury Pavard Benjamin World champion .
The , Frenchman of the Manuel behind Captain Neuer and Joshua Kimmich midfielchief third most of the wise deployment minutes , has suffered a band injury of the left foot root and threatens to be missing in quking class duels .
Munich Im Schmuddelwetter , broke a right-ending training game broke and off one with golf f-kart course from the .
long As regular player who has to pause the title for in the unrestricted fight is open .
A eight-16 second leg in the against FC at Chelsea 8 should be difficult in August , on the August 12 can hope in the final tournament Lisbon the 24-year-old .
Bavaria They do not want to be stopped the mishap training from the but on Sunday .
Flick called in personal of his tripleple formula three the attributes of which he wants to see his stars on his way to the capital of Portugal .
, quality intensity and its are intended to concentration victhungry title collectors in the ideally to 28 days king class endgame on August 23 .
&quot; We have masterthem with mandatory tasks championship cup and simple .
Now it &apos;s something special to that said , &quot; Flick
until they can deal with Munich final tournament and the previously training camp for one in the Algarve , but eight-eight duty is to the Chelsea against FC .
the 3 After : 0 first leg before in the Corona break of the were to become Londoners in the non-domestic arena as lost in the &quot; dahoam &quot; final again in the Bavarian nightmare mare .
&quot; through We have to go door .
We want to win , create good conditions and reel with confidence good a game , &quot; Flick demanded .
A test match to the is scheduled on Friday against Olympique Marseille .
With a long speech Flick had his stars had who , after the 13 Double days holiday , had sworn a unique on August
31 players he welcomed the , Säbener Straße also the including new actors Leroy for noble shopping , Sané who for the first time met his after Manchester from city all his after change Manchester from City .
has &quot; Leroy as all the new ones fit well &quot; reported . Flick
instead of but they talk about new season , if Co . Sané &amp; more are not allowed to train , much Flick current rather prefer the title project about the German . Series Champion
After days of small group training individual and is now trained in team strength for the Londoners , in the contrast Flick-ensemble to the playing rhythm are in
After that , a quarter-finals against Munich could face FC Barcelona and Lionel Messi are in the , Real SemfinMadrid , Manchester City Juventus or .
Way to One to the Lisbon final in &quot; is not easy , &quot; emphasized chief coach who from Tuesday , can rely on services the new assistants of his Miroslav Klose in training .
The World Cup sector scshoer Klose and know from Flick so tournament preparation many more common , which is 0 to 100 attunement .
With team of his current , this was a work &quot; praised praised . , Flick
The &quot; focus on winning &quot; is one of his impressive .
At the tournament , Neine-teams were also ambitious on Sunday .
From performers all those there were also the emigrant Thiago defender and David Alaba whereouts of his , beyond the king class season which is not secured .
Formula Which needs 1 , special rule one to select your world champion
Since on the unrequired number to continents number , the FIA must be awarded to improvise the World Cup titles .
All American races were cancelled .
race calendar is becoming increasingly concrete
The current Formula 1 calendar current Formula 1 season continues to increase .
so far To the ten Prix confirmed Grand , further race tracks were added under the three weeks .
In October on the Nürburgring and Portimão Portuguese is to be driven in Germany .
On November , first Hamilton Lewis and Co. fight on the Italian in for traditional race track Imola .
This makes the race calendar includes 13 stand races after 2020 .
We are pleased that we continue to make great progress in completing our for the 2020 season , &quot; Formula 1 oss , said Carey Chase .
A total of the extraordinary season of these 15 18 up to in races of the Motorsports premier class will be completed .
Formula 1 wants to complete the season in Asia
The final race calendar will be published in the and fixed weeks .
Preofficially already the targeted races Bahrain in Abu and Dhabi in media reports according to December performances could still take place in and Malaysia November at the end .
Regulations require races on continents three
The regulations of Formula 1 which requires award for World Championship of but at least race continents on three .
Also , as if at present , planned only two driven on continents , there will be one to be world champions .
the FIA wants the FIA to award the titles citing &quot; extraordinary circumstances due to &quot; coronavirus pandemic of
The traditional start of the season in Australia had to be due to March coronakcrisis of the oming
A return to continent the topic this year is not a .
In addition , the Formula 1 this year will not be guest in America .
encounters rejection of Brazil into Brazil
Due to the corona situation , tenraces will races will be Canada in , the , USA Mexico Brazil and will not take place .
We look forward to &quot; being back again in the season , &quot; Carey
The cancellation of the American race races came criticized in Brazil The &quot; : came not surprising for us rejection , but we cannot accept the reasons for this , &quot; said Tamas Rohonyi , the promoter Grand Prix São in Paulo .
Thus , the space in the number of infection are significantly lower than in other regions . Brazil .
Concerns Those some teams in Brazil , not drive , would not want to justify any rejection .
It is prepared for required security measures .
: Evil Greta Thunberg against Glze Donald Trump went around the world
Greta told Thunberg her meeting with US president . Trump Donald
Thunberg Greta was well known on the latenight show Stephen Colbert of via video switch guest and betrarevealed interview in she had at meeting her with Donald Trump in
Climate ate kivisor Thunberg Greta per was video to a guest in popular . US Latenight
she told of her among other things against fight powerful of the world
also talked about her famous &quot; evil look at &quot; her encounter with Donald Trump . the teenager
New City York - Over the past two years , climate activist Greta has made tirelessess commitment to her Thunberg commitment to the Fridays For &quot; Future to &quot; movement .
Now she spoke in well-known a latenight show about her in plans of the future and her encounter with US President Donald Trump at the UN climate summit year .
Latenight presenter Colbert Stephen 17-year-old welcomed the show on the Thunberg Tuesday show of your in a and longer interview with .
she spoke not only struggle about her against climate change , but also conflict over her with the powerful of the world .
&quot; There are some , things surprised me , &quot; she
&quot; How far people are around , direct the focus of that from away to climate crisis , &quot; she shook her .
&quot; Everything from organized to hate campaigns , threats just because a group of children on the that &quot; she experienced
and leading heads of state silence the politicians , social media in her or against mocking even trying to silence , she finds &quot; , &quot; funny since her the reactions , since they show &quot; others no answer to it &quot; .
It became particularly interesting for the end interview when Greta Thunberg was addressed to a well-known scene , in which Trump US president who took a bitter evil look
At the 2019 UN Climate Summit in New York , which sailed across the Atlantic for the Aktvisa , her expressive one by Blick cameras that has been captured since then and countless by Internet people in the .
the From short clip GIF was created , so thus animated one that became ultimately one of the most used images for Trump opponents .
But what did 17-year ds think of this moment the president the president ?
To Stephen relatively disclosed question of Stephen , Colbert only repanswered her briefly and &quot; To be dry : I honest , think so , does not need any explanation &quot; .
With the satirist experienced Colbert probably not expected briefly and disappeared laughing from the picture .
With &quot; her dare How ? you speech on &quot; the principles of climate protection , she remained in many memory of the at climate conference .
Ex-Dortmund Immobile with pack of three for Rome Lazio
Ciro in the Immobile race for Europe &apos;s now Golden shoe equal on Bavaria with Lewandowski Robert
The Dortmund former Immobile Ciro continues has the best chance to become the top scorer king of the football championship . Italian . too
The former contributed BVB professional in the : 1 5 ( 1-1 ) victory of Lazio at Rome Verona Hellas three goals , including two penalty turned the halves of both in extra times .
has thus 30-year-old of the two 34 end to now season goals his the before the fourth season of his account - scored many Lewandowski Robert FC from Bayern Munich of the past Bundesliga season .
In Italy Cristiano follows 30 goals so far with Ronaldo , the superstar met Portuguese one with the still leading evening Sampdoria .
Fleetwood Mac co-founder Peter Green
His was like life a roller coaster ride to one : After rapid with rise of Mac Fleetwood it went downhill steeply and then slowly upagain .
Now the blues rock guitarist has died at Peter Green at the age of 73 .
Guitarist Ingenious Drug Junkie , : cult Pendant of the band co-founder Fleetwood , Mac Peter Green is dead .
He was at the age of years 73 in peaceful sleep , died Saturday the family members official one in statement one , further for statement would announced the next few days .
Top musicians like Peter Green Frampton pratribute as blues - the one best rock guitarist and .
Fleetwood Mick spoke in a reaction emotional one of monumental &quot; loss &quot; for all previous and the current member band Fleetwood Mac .
Drummer The Fleetwood of the and Green guitarists had now founded the long-legendary band in 1967 in London , today until his unforgotten instrumental hit &quot; dreamy albatross . &quot;
The life of musicians of the &quot; ( End The Of The , Game &quot; The In Skies ) resembled a roller coaster ride .
Mac With Fleetwood Green experienced a rapid rise - the band biggest celebrated their successes but without him .
It is said to have among other things disputes because , profits Green who wanted all group charity for donation purposes .
He began to perform in roments and wide crucifix larger with .
Psychental problems are also said to have played a role .
Years three after the founding of the Green left the 1970 band .
This was followed by a social cent
The blues rock guitarist suffered from drug abuse schizophrenia like and biographers , reported .
For a long time in Green was treated psychiatry .
While most of one disappeared of the 1970s musician scene of the
He temporarily lived on the supposed to street , cemetery gardener as worked and spent a time in an Israeli kibbutz .
Green became a son in 1946 as Green in the Jewish of a working-class family of Bethnal .
In a young he was enthusiastic about US blumusicians such as Muddy B.B. King and Waters .
At the age of eleven learned the first .
At the age of 15 , the teenager began playing guitar professionally and five years later got the chance as a lead guitarist for the B instrumental band &apos; Peter Looners stage on the .
was later engaged when he engaged for his replacement Idol Eric at Bluesbreakers Clapton
In the middle of the blues boom , Green founded Fleetie and Fleetwood in 1967 summer with Bluesbreakers colleagues Mick with Bluesbreakers colleagues Mick .
The composed by Green Song Albatross brought &quot; to the group the first number 1 hit in the / winter of 1968 and at catapulted the top of the
But the rapid ascent soon showed : his dark sides copwith media bustle the green , not his with experiments of the LSD became drug and extreme .
Life The music and between addiction he once commented to one in : Interview &quot; What worst , life happened to me in are the , - the best drugs , one was number 1 hit to land &quot; .
At the end of Around the decade , Green eighof success surprisingly in a album , an album inspired by religious themes .
Fleetwood , without Mac , he swam in formation newnew on a wave of success
In 1977 , her &quot; Rumours Album sold &quot; sold more than million worldwide .
various Despite small solo successes , Comeback did not succeed , bigger until he started a friend with group of musicians in 1996 .
The British daily &quot; Telegraph &quot; at that time spoke one of Earth to returned rock star .
Free drugs from Green with Peter Green of the Splinter some group to albums , which band disbanded in 2004 .
For him he was already his lifetime to a blues legend - with and his gentle one sound of the guitarists most influential decades past .
