Biker reacts at lightning speed and prevents worse .
On Friday evening , a traffic accident occurred on the road between Machtolsheim and Merklingen in which a motorcyclist unk of his rapid reaction was slightly injured .
Car ist overlooks
A 44-year-old driver wanted to turn left from 21.30 with her VW from Merklingen left on the Landesstraße unk in the direction unk .
She overlooked the 24-year-old , unk motorcyclist from the direction of Nellingen .
During the collision , hand and foot brake levers fly away .
The biker still tried to dothe car , but still unk it at the rear vehicle area .
Due to the stripe process , hand and the foot brake lever foot brake levers were demolished and the unk was no longer able to brake down .
At present , he controlled his motorcycle in the green stiffers next to the road and let it roll out there without falling down .
Bker suffers leg injury
Due to the collision with the car , the unk nevertheless suffered an injury to the case and had to be treated in a clinic .
Mamming unk Corona mass infection : 174 harvesters
After a Corona mass infection on a large vegetable farm in unk mamming , almost 500 people are under quarantine and are allowed leave operation unk more .
A security service monitors the ban on outlife .
A total of 174 unk tested during the series investigation positive for the Corona pathogen Sars-CoV-2 , as the Landratsamt unk on Saturday evening .
&quot; In order to unk a further spread , we unfortunately have to take this step to protect the population , &quot; explained unk Werner Bumeder ( CSU ) .
Previously , seven employees had already infected in the company - this is the occasion of the series test
The unk is a large vegetable farm that grows strawberries , cucumbers , cabbage and beetroot - but the cucumbers only for intion glasses .
Mamming is a rural municipality with a good 3300 inhabitants unk of Dingolfing with its large BMW plant .
Bumeder appealed to the citizens to keep calm : &quot; According to our information , it is a closed group of people &quot; .
On the unk , infected were separated by uninfected employees , the site is now surrounded by a barrier fence .
Greens and SPD gave unk co-responsibility .
The two opposition groups accused Prime Minister Markus Söder ( CSU ) and his cabinet of unk of neglecting the control of the accommodations of seasonal workers .
&quot; This can take revenge unk if such local infection events unk and regional lockdowns have to be arranged , &quot; said Jürgen Mistol , the parliamentary unk of the Greens .
The unk of the SPD unk similarly : &quot; unk , after the Corona outbreak in the Wiesenhof f-slaughhouse of unk May have already demanded an unk for farms with harvesters , &quot; said environmental expert Florian von Brunn .
&quot; Especially our view , hygiene conditions in the workplace unk the living conditions in the workplace must be sharply controlled .
This obviously did not happen &quot; .
The outbreak unk &quot; unk announcement &quot;
Underground station Aidenbachstraße : Dangerous dispute : 19-olds falls into the track bed after Schubser
In a dispute between two youth groups at the Aidenbachstraße subway station , a 19-year-old slipped through a thrwer unk into the track bed .
Obersendling - On Friday there was a dispute between two youth groups at the Aidenbachidenbachstation at 16.15 pm .
A passers-by alerted the police , who approached with several strips .
According to first investigation , a Munich ( unk ) pushed an unk ground unk
The young man slipped over the platform edge and unk into the track bed .
People from the group of the 17-year-old helped the proron to climb out of the track .
There was no danger from an coming railway .
Like the unk , there were again disputes between the unk people unk
The unk initially fled from the crime scene , but his unk could be determined in retrospect .
In his father &apos;s father he went unk police inspection 29 .
Against the 17-year-old becomes unk because to personal ault .
Report : Seehofer unk on longer data retention
Data retention is currently suspended .
Federal Minister of the Interior Horst Seehofer calls for an extension of the storage period unk after a media report unk
He wants to strengthen the fight against child abuse .
Federal Minister of the Interior Horst Seehofer ( CSU report calls after CSU unk for an extended data retention - instead of unk planned ten weeks every half a year .
As the &quot; Bild am Sonntag &quot; reports , SeehofMinister Justice Christine unk ( SPD ) unk a letter about a quick change in the
Seehofer therefore unk that strengthen unk against child abuse
He makes it makes sense to &quot; to make urgently needed adjustments to the law &quot; , quotes the newspaper from the letter .
Data retention is currently suspended .
There will be a decision unk ECJ unk .
Seehofer , however , wants unk beforehand , so that unk could be applied immediately after a possible positive judgment , the report continues .
A spokesman for the Ministry of Justice told unk Zeitung that it could only be meaningfully examine whether legal adjustments were needed if the courts had decided .
In the fight against child abuse and child pornography , Seehofer had already spoken with the interior ministers unk countries in favour data retention in June .
NBA : Stripclub trouble for clipper star Lou
unk in the NBA !
Lou Williams ( 33 ) , basketball professional of Los Angeles Clippers , unk the tournament district unk Disney World unk Orlando / Florida with permission for a funeral .
According to US media reports , he still visited the strip club &quot; Magic City &quot; in Atlanta in the evening .
unk , unk to admitted the visit according to ESPN information , is back in Isloation , is tested daily on Covid-19 .
His reason for the visit : Chicken Wings .
In February last year , &quot; Sweet unk &quot; , as it is in the NBA , has already expressed his love for exactly unk Wings .
The American unk : unk Magic City and Blue Flame ( an unk strip club in Atlanta unk ) have the best wings in town &quot; .
NBA insider Shams Charania announced on Twitter on Sunday that the NBA Williams ordered a ten-day quarantine .
The Clippers star misses the first unk official unk after the test game phase .
In Disney World , the NBA wants to play the Corona season .
unk prepare the best 22 teams unk for the season finale starting the night on Friday .
Söder unk mass infection about the Corona situation
Munich - Health Minister Melanie Huml ( CSU ) has already announced a test offensive for large farms on Sunday .
unk press conference will be shown live on our homepage .
The unk in Mamming in the district of Dingolfing-Landau unk authorities and politics unk
Almost 500 unk from several countries currently work on the large vegetable farm , more than a third has infected radio with unk Corona pathogens .
The farm is now under quarantine and is closed with a building fence .
No body must leave the unk food are delivered .
The authorities now offer the good 3300 inhabitants of the municipality free Corona tests .
Since the harvesters had unk population , unk ratsamt has so far assumed that unk infections have not spread beyond the farm unk
unk remorse &quot; : confession of the alleged arson of N
&quot; My client has been cooperative , &quot; said lawyer Quentin Chabert told the newspaper
The defender added : &quot; unk deeds very much , the confession was a liberation for him &quot; .
His mandate was unk plagued by remorse and very taken by the extent of unk destruction .
According to the prosecution , the prosecthreataten the man with ten years imprisonment and a fine of 150,000 euros .
The Gothic St. Peter and Paul Cathedral in Nantes unk on the night on Saturday last week was severely damaged by a fire unk .
The fire had broken out in three distplaces in the church .
Laboratory tests unk the suspicion of arson
The now imprisoned unk had already been arrested a few hours after the fire .
He was released after one day .
Der unk works as a volunteer for the diocese of Nantes and was responsible for the closure of the cathedral on the eve of the fire .
Since there was no trace of a violent penetration unk the church , he quickly came into view of the investigators .
Discuss abolition unk 50 + 1 rule
Former DFB President Reinhard Grindel has recommended thinking about the abolition unk 50 + 1 rule .
&quot; unk football should at least discuss to ing conditions and unk rules unk investors before the EU Commission creates completed facts , &quot; said Grindel the &quot; picture on Sunday &quot; .
He stressed : &quot; For the clubs , which can most become unk and dangerous , unk + 1 rules do not work anyway : see Leipzig unk Leverkusen
In this respect , unk around unk debate does not avoid whether unk is not unk , clubs that want into this phalanx to facilitate the involvement of investors &quot; unk
However , he has doubas whether there is a willingness in the German football League to allow majority participations that are unk in the Bundesliga by unk 50 + 1 rule unk
&quot; It remains a legal risk , unk in a European unk investment fences around the Bundesliga business location , &quot; said Grindel
The former DFB chief sees the danger that &quot; the attempts to ensure more competition balance in unk Bundesliga unk in the end only weaken the unk of our unk at the European level , unk do not lead to more excitement in unk &quot; .
Even an equal distribution of TV funds would not have a decisive effect .
&quot; FC Bayern makes sales of 750 million euros , Borussia Dortmund unk Millionen and RB Leipzig of 300 million unk
So the unk are already immense alone among the first three clubs .
The other 15 clubs have an average household of 130 unk , &quot; explained the 58-year-old .
With regard to the past , Grindel feels betrayed .
&quot; Unfortunately , there were people who noticed this mistake and stabced to the press , keunk to it , &quot; said unk about the adoption of an expensive watch that led to his resignation in April 2019 .
&quot; This has already occupied me humanly &quot; .
The gift worth around 11,000 euros unk he received from a Ukrainian functionary .
unk I committed a compliance violation , and it was right to draw the consequences from it , &quot; said Grindel .
&quot; I dealt with the ominous watch gift completely transparent and unsusp
Many knew about it in unk &quot; .
He had never &quot; made a secret out of the gift , &quot; the 58-year-old assured .
unk may be called naive , unk this form of transparency was the complete opposite of corruption &quot;
&quot; Black Lives Matter &quot; : injured and a
unk protests against police violence in the United States have escalated by Donald Trump &apos;s commitment of federal police in several cities .
On Saturday , there were clashes between demonstrators and policemen in various cities .
In Louisville , three people were injured and arrested in unk 16 people .
In Austin unk person killed by shots , while a demonstration train just crossed unk intercrossing .
Previously , it was unk Portland while protests against radio and police violence again unk to clashes .
The security forces , including officers from the Federal Police , unk tear gas at night after Saturday and forcibly diverated demonstrators .
Hundreds , partly armed demonstrators unk am unk by Louisville in Kentucky and demanded that those responsible for the death of Breonna Taylor should be drawn to unk .
The 26-year-old student became unk in March at unk drug raid in her apartment in Louisville .
The goal of the raid was someone else unk who did not live there , and it also no drugs .
When on Saturday an unk of a unk that calls itself an unk alliance of black Americans , a shot unk , three unk were injured .
After radio from NBC , they were taken to the hospital
unk of them floated in danger of danger .
The police set up barricades because also unk of a white militia also forms unk .
To unk of the two groups ultimately did not come unk .
In Texas radio , a person was shot and died as part of a &quot; Black Lives Matter unk demonstration .
The police took a suspect into custody .
Further information unk to the circumstances of the act she did not so far .
Mayor Steve Adler said according to the New York Times &quot; that he was , like many unk of the city , &quot; inconsolable and stunned &quot; unk to unk what happened unk .
unk in the American metropolis of Seattle , demonstrators clashes with the police on Saturday .
She unk in front of a youth prison unk in unk , the police put glare grenades and pepper spray unk .
unk According from the Seattle Times , people were arrested for resistance to unk or assault .
unk of the city of Oakland in California , an unk was set on fire .
unk small group unk demonstrators had shot down windows unk radio fireworks and police officers with unk blinded unk shared the police of unk on late Saturday evening ( local time ) .
The fire could quickly extinguished .
In Aurora , a suburb of Denver in unk , unk car demonstrated by a crowd , unk on a highway .
As the police reported , one of the demonstrators fired a gun and at least one person was taken to the hospital
In addition , windows were also broken there in a court there and fire was set unk fire , the police radio unk .
Investigations became unk .
Rakoczy in Bad Kissingen : Historical costumes defy
Although the great sause in the spa town was missing , visitors and performers enjoyed the unk alternative program .
It was unusual for visitors unk performers and organizers : The Rakoczy weekend without unk .
But : Even if the big party mile in the city center was lmissing , the crowds and program highlights such as Saale burns , radio or procession , many came their costs with the Corona-conant alternative program unk .
&quot; I unk has managed to spread unk , &quot; says Spa Director Sylvie Thormann .
The guests would have received it well .
unk one returned to the beginnings of the Rakoczy festival , unk alone the historones in the focus unk festivals were unk
Pleasant atmosphere
Vesna Konhäuser has always visiting Rakoczy festival with her husband for more than more than 25 years .
So also unk in the Corona
The couple have made themselves comfortable at Luitpold Casino , watch the historthings while strolling and listens to Cuban live music at the casino restaurant
&quot; I also find it so pleasant &quot; , unk Kon
She miss the crowds that otherwise belong to Rakoczy not
However , you lack the usual program highlights , especially Saale burns on Friday evening and the historic procession and the final fireworks on Sunday evening .
&quot; That &apos;s a pity .
The weather would have fit this year , &quot; she says .
Rakoczy riding tournament to take place again
For the actors unk historische unk , the alternative program sometimes meant more work .
For example for unk , which participates in the procade in a normal year and can be seen there on the carriage of the Kurgartencafés .
This year she was on Saturdays and Sundays in costume on foot in unk .
&quot; The unk more exhausting , unk we have it easier , &quot; says unk
The equestrian club had less unk even if individual riders were on the road in the park .
&quot; We very much hope that the equestrian quadriles will take place again next year , &quot; says Chairman Ulrike Waldhofen .
She announced that after several years of break 2021 , a Rakoczy riding tournament will take place unk
28 Corona cases in Spanish Fuenlabrada
The Spanish football division club CF Fuenlabrada slides deeper into the crisis due to a Corona outbreak
Since the newcomer from the unk of Madrid had flown to the city of A Coruña on despite the first Corona cases on 20 July , a low follows the unk .
By Sunday , 28 players or team members had been tested positive , one came to the hospital , as the club
Fuenlabrada from the city of the same name unk of Madrid still had the chance to reach unk promotion playoffs unk
Now he is relegation to unk B group of the Second League .
The game against Deportivo La Coruña last Monday was cancelled the last moment , the prosecutor office investigated for a possible crime unk the unk health , the highest sports authority CSD is considering the forced descent of the club unk
The players and other team members are sitting in an unk in quarantine .
&quot; Until the sixth day of quarantine they have no fresh towel and unk gel unk &quot; unk wrote the sports newspaper &quot; AS &quot; unk
On photos you can see unk how unk underwear and club clothes in their rooms unk hotel to dry would have unk after they apparently had to wash them themselves .
The bed linen was not changed for five days
unk further problem is the
Neither it unk nor sufficient , wrote &quot; AS &quot; .
The club stay , on the other hand , shared unk that one were satisfied with the hotel .
The accusation of having deliberately endangered public health rejected unk lawyer of the club , Javier Tebas Llanas .
One had not violated the Corona rules set up by the Football Association unk stressed the son of the president of the Spanish Primera Division unk Javier Tebas , as the news agency Europa Press and the sports newspaper &quot; Marca &quot; .
Before the departure , there were four infected persons until 19 July , but they were isolated and did not travelled with them .
Directly before the flight on Monday to A Coruña , unk players and team members had been tested again .
When the team was already in A unk , the Corona test was positive &quot; five or six &quot; other team members .
The game was cancelled unk minutes before the kick-off , said unk Llanas .
Police must capture horses torn out unk
Two animals were on the road
The unk led her back unk their owner .
On Sunday morning shortly before 6 o &apos;clock , a road user shared two free-running horses on the feeder between the confluence unk / Steinsfeld and the motorway junction .
At the arrival of the officials , the horses already unk between the feeder and the village of Dampfach .
After briefly unk steam compartment could become unk through the unk the trust of the horses , they could be surrounded an radio strip car rope
Proclist Tony Martin : Career continuation can imaginable
Time trial specialist Tony unk thinks about a continuation of his unk .
Frankfurt / Main - The seven-time trial world champion Tony unk imagine continuing his cycling career .
&quot; I &apos;m just the framework conditions with the team , how and in what form it could go on , &quot; said the 35-year-old unk &quot; Frankfurter Allgemeine Sonntagszeitung &quot; unk
unk is currently unk Dutch team Jumbo-Visma unk and had pulunk before his career after this year this career before the Corona break .
In unk negotiations with his team it also unk number of racing days unk he said .
Or about other problems that would plague him unk family father , Martin said
He used to get up after unk fall , and the first thought was : &quot; Quickly back to unk .
Today think unk as the father of a little daughter : What if
The cyclist cleared unk , unk there are unk aspects with which he is increasingly difficult .
&quot; But I was unk to realize based from the Corona time what I have unk cycling and unk a lot of fun I me &quot; .
The time trial specialist returns to the event at the Tour de l &apos;Ain ( 5 to 9 August ) .
Bavaria : unk four unk on Bavaria &apos;s streets
unk beautiful weather attracts many places bikers on unk roads
For at least three people , the tour ends fatally .
Also an 18 year unk pedestrian dies .
unk - With unk on Bavaria &apos;s streets , several , mostly young people have died unk .
An unk -year-old motorcyclist was captured on Saturday at Schönthal ( district of Cham ) by a car that came on the opposite track .
Why unk cars got on the radio was initially unclear .
In Upper Bavaria , a 22-year-old came unk together on his machine with a horse-drawn carriage
According to according to police , he was at Beilngries downhill unk
In unk left turn he boashed ed the unk .
His injuries were so severe , unk he died of unk .
From unk twelve inmates unk carriage unk a man seriously unk a man slightly injured , as the police reported
In another fatal accident unk in the Upper Palatine Bad Kötzting unk 18-year-old .
He had put unk on unk street during the night and was overrun by a 42-year-old driver
After to the police , the 18-year-old wanted to sleep .
The driver could not brake in time
At Schönberg ( district Freyung-Grafenau ) on Saturday a 57 7-year-old biker bounced a car in a right curve full ally against a car .
He died at the scene of the accident .
unk 57-year-old driver suffered a shock , the unk three people in the car remained un
The safety of motorcyclists became unk on Saturday by Bavaria &apos;s Transport Minister Kerstin Schreyer ( CSU )
In a letter to the organizer of the biker protests announced for August against driving bans , Gabor Kovacs , the minister referred to extensive investments such as underride protection on guardrails and the defuse of dangerous curves .
&quot; We have achieved a lot for the safety of motorcyclists in recent years , &quot; said unk in the letter .
&quot; The number of unk two-cyclists was reduced by around 28 unk compared to unk 2011 . &quot;
Kovac tests with unk against Frankfurt
Frankfurt / Main ( unk ) - For football coach Niko Kovac there will soon be a reunion with Eintraunk AS Monaco with Eintracht Frankfurt .
The eight-time French champion performed on 1 August ( 6 p.m. ) at the Hesse , the former radio of the Croatian
For the Bundesliga , it is the first and only endurance test before unk in the Europa League against unk ( 6 August )
Because of the Coronavirus pandemic , the encounter is held without a spectators .
unk We are especially looking forward to this game .
It &apos;s always nice to get unk to Frankfurt and meet friends , &quot; explained Kovac .
Sporty , this is an interesting test , said the unk .
Before his unk to FC Bayern Munich unk Kovac the Hesse from unk until 2018 trained unk to the victory in the DFB-Pokal .
&quot; A top-class opponent like Monaco unk a good test for unk in unk the game unk
Like unk Frankfurter , I look forward to seeing bagain with Niko Kovac &quot; unk said Eintracht coach Adi Hütter .
The 50-year-old Austrian had succeeded unk at unk Eintracht .
In March , the Frankfurter had lost the eight-final first leg against Basel in their own stadium with 0
unk new infections : Landkreis Hof knapp am Lock
In the district of Hof , the number of unk known Corona new infections has further increased on the weekend : from 39 unk Friday and 43 unk Saturday ( one person is recovered and falls unk more into these statististatistics ) to unk on Sunday .
In addition , there is a case unk of the city of Hof .
Thus , the unk yard approaches the critical brand of 50 new infections per 100,000 unk in unk week .
700 unk by monsoon rain in
unk of the severe floods in Southeast Asia are more than unk millions of people unk , especially in Bangladesh , India and Nepal .
Because of the unk monsoon rain , a total of 700 people came unk .
In Bangladesh , the Red Crescent tries to reach unk isolated people in boats .
Entire villages are under
The farmers have lost their
Armored eros unk National park die by landslides .
In Kaziranga National Park , several of the 120 tank horos died from landslides .
She unk under protection and applies as endangered with extinction .
This year , the floods are particularly bad unk which lead back to climate change .
According to the United Nations , unk is to the most hit by global warming .
New apartments
In the village Cox &apos;s Bazar in the south of unk , the state has built apartments for unk displaced by the floods
So far , only a few have moved .
It is difficult to bring the unk to Cox &apos;s unk .
The unk in Grenezn is also unk .
unk earlier unk house had unk it was also unk so small and resembled a cottage , often does not want to unk in unk his life unk .
Many apartments are empty , but are - as it wants the government - soon be obtained from unk , the unk house lost by unk floods .
60 Corona new infections on just one unk in Vienna .
In a 24-hour comparison , 60 Corona new infections were reported in Vienna - there were 22 new infections in Lower Austria .
The Landessanitätsdirektion Vienna and the medical crisis staff of the city unk provide information about the current case figures and other unk to the Covid-19 virus : as of Sunday , 26 July 2020 , 8 : 00 a.m. , confirmed in Vienna 840 ( + 60 ) unk tests unk
The number of deaths associated to the virus is unk 204 204 .
unk ( + 48 ) persons unk genesen .
22 new Coronavirus infections in Lower Austria .
The number of coronavirus infections in unk risen by 22 to 3,288 on Sunday .
A patient is recovered unk information of the medical staff .
This increases the number of people to unk .
There were currently 247 patients in the state .
unk , 147,253 tests were carried out .
105 people died in connection with lung
Argentina rejects counter-offer unk creditors creditors
The new unk could not meet unk , shared unk Ministry of Economic Affairs in Buenos Aires on Saturday unk .
&quot; This unk not only irresponsible , but also unjujust unk , it was in a statement .
&quot; While 50 percent of children in Argentina live in poverty , we cannot make the short-term profits of our unk &quot;
The debts of the second largest economy unk South America are no longer unk under the current
That is why Argentina calls on its private creditors to waive some of its claims of around 66 billion US dollars ( around 59 billion euros ) .
If there is no agreement , unk Land will again threatens the state bankruptcy .
It would be the ninth payment failure in unk Argentine unk .
the lenders had higher interest rates on government bonds and unk on some contractual clauses
The Argentine government , however , is committed in its radio offer and is not ready for any further concessions .
Argentina is unk of a heavy financial and unk
unk inflation rate was last more than 50 percent
For the current year , experts expect a decline in economic strength of around ten percent .
At the end unk , Argentina had not paid interest rate receivables unk of $ 503 million and thus slipped into a limited payment default .
Professionally arrived unk privately still unk :
&quot; It goes super well &quot; - this conclusion draws Dr. unk Kramer after her first days in unk in Eggenfelden .
unk the end of everything went very quickly unk In the mid-May , Dr. Stefanie Kramer learned that she will take the unk of Lutz Feller in the Eggenfelfeld notariate office .
unk six weeks later , unk July , unk lawyer worked the work on , the normal daily business long been running on full speed .
&quot; Privately , however , I have to arrive unk , explains in conversation with the Rottaler Anzeiger and laughs .
unk short lead time had of course was not enough to shift the unk from unk completely to Eggenfelden , reports the native ingolfingerin unk
Currently , unk with her husband unk who works in Regensburg as a judge at the district court , looking for a suitable apartment or unk house in the city .
At least her husband was been able to apply for parental leave at short notice time order to ensure the care of the two daughters ( 3 ½ and unk ½ years old ) .
unk not have to commute every day from Regensburg , she for the time also has an accommodation unk to her parents in Dingolfing , explains the 39-year-old .
Growing up in the neighboring district , the city of Eggenfelden has of course been to it for a long time .
During visits on site with her family in recent months , she stated : &quot; Eggenfelden is a unk beautiful small town &quot;
She was all the more pleased that she unk selection process for the free radio made the race .
In Dr. Stefanie Kramer &apos;s professional career , her homeland Lower Bavaria plays a central radio : After studying the law in Passau , she completed her traineeship and the 2nd state examination unk Regensburg .
After radio positions as a notary assesstor , among others in Rehau and Hof in Upper Franconia , Babenhausen im Unterallgäu and Regensburg - during this time they also unk the doctorate in labour law unk she unk her first position as a notary in Rotthalmünster in the district unk
In unk in 2016 she went on parental leave , unk finally followed by the move to Regensburg .
Since then she has taken over representation services in various notarial positions .
When an unk Stelle in Eggenfelden was advertised because of the approaching retirement of Lutz Feller , she had seen unk right time for the full professional radio , the 39-year-old explains .
The team of its predecessor , who will take over the unk in the notarioffice in the future , has taken Dr. Stefanie Kramer unk and immediately has an unk for the unk of the law firm unk &quot; unk runs supergood !
The fact that she can rely on well-hearsed processes makes it easier for her to take care of the upcoming relocation of unk .
In terms of kindergarten or crib places , she has already made contact with a local institution .
And everything works as desired , unk hopes to be able to drink their hobby soon - and to get to know the most beautiful jogging routes of the Rottal .
BVB plans to the league type with a maximum of 15,000 spectators
Dortmund The biggest German radio in Dortmund will not even be 20 percent filled at the start of the season in the event of a fan return .
&quot; Due to the radio , which is mandatory to comply with , we plan according to current status with 12,000 to 15,000 spectators , &quot; said Borussia Dortmund &apos;s Managing Director Carsten Cramer to the &quot; Tagesspiegel &quot; .
Usually unk Arena takes unk of the district city at Bundesliga unk 81,000 more at Bundesliga games .
In the ghost games caused by the Corona pandemic last season , the BVB had been lost per game of unk Euro .
The cramer responsible at the BVB for marketing , unk and internationalization hopes that , in addition to the normal spectators , some of the approximately 4000 places unk hospitality area can be opened : &quot; It is , of course a blow into the office unk when these revenues break away unk &quot; .
In view of the ongoing Corona crisis , everyone is currently &quot; well advised , first a stable side long unk &quot; .
&quot; If many companies are not doing well , unk 6.8 million people are in unk in Germany alone , then the need is limited to entertainment &quot; , unk .
The Dortmund marketing boss praised the unk for their salary partial waiver , which contribute unk overcoming the crisis unk : &quot; Of course , the players know that unk salary waiunciation has a different effect unk when we unk 100 people who work in merchandising , rely on unk &quot; unk
unk miras : Early start into life with a few hundred grams
Hardly heavier than a packerof butter , just three tablespoons of blood unk his entire body : that was Gabriel when he was born unk he weighed exactly 273 grams .
The boy is unk of about 400 premature ies , which are cared for annually at the unk children &apos;s clinic unk
A quarter of them weighs less than 1,500 grams , a few - like Gabriel and his brothers Raphael and Michael - are extreme lightweight with not even a kilogram of birth
They are unk small and born so early that neither lungs nor intestines nor muscles are fully developed
Their skin is sometimes so delicate that they could hurt the electrodes unk ECG .
And they are so tiny unk that they sometimes wear doll clothing and especially unk they made unk .
But not so unk that they were not be in voice - &quot; and how &quot; , Berndt Urlesberger smiles .
&quot; unk if of course they don &apos;t scream as unk as big unk &quot;
When the whiteboard becomes
Despite Corona unk in the classroom : The whiteboard as a stage experienced the 9th grade of the St. James Gymnasium in unk shortly before the start of the holiday .
Actress Julia unk from the theater of the city of Aalen unk the unk and students the unk &quot; Das Heimatkleid &quot; - namely by video .
Afterwards , unk students were able to unk Skype with the actress unk to the director Winfried Tobias about unk play and the performance unk .
Born was unk idea for the performance format from the current Corona situation .
Teacher Teresa Nar was happy about the enrichment of teaching .
Also in the end , all involved agreed that the direct encounter in the theatre and stage space would offer additional stimms , unk in the theater also sees the potential for contact with the schools .
&quot; If we continue to unk the technical framework , this could be an interesting addition to the game &quot; , unk director Winfried Tobias
First round drawn : The TSV unk im unk auf Eintracht Frankfurt
If the unk 1860 unk qualify for DFB-Pokal , the lions will meet Eintracht Frankfurt in the first round .
This resulted in the unk on Sunday
Munich - Sixty possible opponopponent in the first round unk DFB-Pokals is clear .
The lions would meet Eintracht Frankfurt in a successful qualification
This unk the draw on Sunday evening unk of unk .
unk because of the unk field unk is complete , were used in the draw
Due to the voluntary renunciation of semi-final opponent FC Memmingen , TSV 1860 unk is the unk of the Bavarian o Cup ( 4 or 5 September ) .
There unk lions either on the Würzburg Kickers unk Aschaffenburg .
If second division Würzburg played the final unk , Sechzig unk would be qualified for the first round of the DFB-Pokal
Otherwise , the unk in the final would have to prevail against Regionalligist unk .
The first round of the DFB -PCup will be held between 11 and 14 September and unk one week before the third division start .
&quot; Vom Winde unk &quot; : Filmlegende unk de Havilland is dead
The film legend and Oscar winner Olivia de Havilland unk dead .
She died of natural death on Sunday at the age of 104 , confirmed her spokeswoman of the German Press
de Havilland was known for her unk as Melanie Hamilton in the southern epic &quot; Vom Winde verweht &quot; ( 1939 ) .
Born as a child of British parents in Tokyo , Olivia de Havilland moved unk toddler to California .
The Austrian theatre man Max Reinhardt discovered the 19-year-old in the role of Hermia of Shakespeare &apos;s &quot; unk &quot; .
The film studio Warner Brothers signed her for seven years and brought them big on the side of unk Flynn .
unk them with the heart breaker .
In 1946 she won her first Oscar in the lead role &quot; To Each unk Own &quot;
The film was directed unk Germany under the unk &quot; Mother &apos;s Heart &quot; .
Three years later came the unk best actress unk William Wylers &apos;s &quot; unk Heiress &quot; ( The Erress )
She also received much recognition as a neurotic eccentric in &quot; The Dark Mirror &quot; and &quot; The Snake Mine &quot; .
Daphne du unk her 1952 for radio starring role in unk film adaptation of her novel &quot; Meine Cousine unk vor .
The piece unk a worldwide success unk
With her longtime friend Bette Davis , she played in &quot; Lullaby for a Corpse &quot; .
His marriage to the writer Marcus Goodrich ( 1946 to 1953 ) was the son Benjamin .
In unk , de Havilland married journalist Pierre Paul Galante and had his daughter Gisèle unk .
This this marriage broke unk
Rumors of an affair with the former British Prime Minister unk Heath unk , never confirmed
&quot; Road to Timmendorf &quot; : Beach volleyball : Thole / winders miss final at Comeback
The unk Julius Thole and Clemens unk &quot; Road to Timmendorf &quot; missed the final
In the unk of the top teams in Düsseldorf , they lost in the semi-finals to their national team colleagues Nils Ehlers and Lars Flüggen with 1 : 2 ( 17 : unk , unk : 17 , 19 : unk ) .
Most recently , Thole / unk played in unk at the World Tour Final in September last year .
In the final on the Rhine , their conquerors Ehlers / Flüggen against the surprise team Lukas Pfretschner and his interim partner Steven van de Velde unk 0 : unk ( 17 : 21 , 17 : unk ) .
In addition to the unk , unk starting places for the German championships were played at the beginning of September in Timmendorfer Strand : the tickets were secured unk Dollinger / Simon Kulzer , Manuel Harms / Richard Peemüller and Simon Pfretschner / Milan Sievers .
Kalbitz ejection from AfD confirmed - FDP speaks of &quot; fig leaf &quot;
The exclusion of Andreas Kalbitz from the unk is from the of view of the FDP unk a &quot; fig leaf &quot; and does not change the character of unk .
&quot; The AfD is the parliamentary arm of unk in Germany .
Andreas Kalbitz is only unk at the top of the iceberg of radicals in the AfD , &quot; said the FDP interior politician Benjamin Strasser of the news agency dpa in Berlin .
The Federal Arbitration Court of the AfD confirmed on Saturday in Stuttgart after several Saturday in Stuttgart confirmed the exclusion of Kalbitz , which the unk of unk in May radio unk in May .
Kalbitz is chairman of the AfD parliamentary group in the Brandenburger Landtag .
unk If the AfD really interested about consistently removing right-wing extremists consistently from their party , functionaries like unk Höcke unk his followers would long since been excluded , &quot; unk Strasser .
&quot; However , there is no political will for this in the AfD , because right-wing extremism is now part to the party unk .
unk said unk CSU general Secretary Markus Blume said : &quot; The fact that Andreas Kalbitz is now excluded says nothing and does not change anything , &quot; he said the &quot; unk on Sunday unk .
&quot; Rather , it speaks drhow many frenetic supporters a right-wing extremist still in the middle of the AfD has &quot; .
Blume goes out unk , unk which will end up unk under five percent in elections in the future .
&quot; The days of unk to parliaments are counted &quot; .
Kalbitz was one of the spokesmen of the unk wing &quot; around the unk AfD state and group chairman Björn Höcke ; the unk classifies the unk &quot; secured right-wing extremist aspiration &quot; .
In May , the AfD federal board Kalbitz had thrown out of unk party .
unk reason , he reason that Kalbitz had not specified an earlier membership in the meannow forbidden far-extremist &quot; Heimattreuen Deutsche Jugend &quot; ( HDJ ) and with unk Republicans .
Kalbitz denies membership in the HDJ .
The chairman of the Left group in the Brandenburg Landtag , Sebastian Walter , stressed that the decision of the Federal Arbral Court unk nothing about the character of the AfD : &quot; The wolf has only eaten chalk .
The AfD remains a far-right party unk with unk without calbitz unk
Neither unk with this decision weakens the federal party nor the right wing .
unk The manoeuvre of the Meuten troupe is transparent .
unk wants to escape further observation by the Protection of the Constitution and unk to get through under the radar , &quot; said unk .
&quot; The AfD doesn &apos;t get rid of the spirits s she called .
A expjection does not change yet , &quot; commented Brandenburg SPD General Secretary Erik Stohn on the decision unk Kalbitz .
&quot; Here , the AfD Landesassociation and the faction still held their right-wing leader &quot; .
The legal dispute over Kalbitz &apos;s membership in the AfD will continue
He announced on Saturday that unk would take action against the unk of the federal arbitral ration now unk
North Sea wind farms supply a good 21 percent more electricity
The wind power plants on unk German North Sea fed 11.51 terawatt hours of electricity into the grid in the first unk months of the year .
This is a good 21 percent more than in the same period of the previous year the network operators Tennet in Bayreuth .
Tennet is responsible for the transmission of the North Sea electricity to the mainland and the forwarding by German
The wind bines on the Baltic Sea , which do not part of Tennet &apos;s unk , have fed another 2.22 terawatt hours of unk TWh ) of electricity .
In total , the wind power from the North unk Baltic Sea comes to 13.73 TWh , compared to unk 11.64 unk in the first unk in 2019 .
The wind harvest at sea thus accounts for almost 19 percent of the total wind flow in Germany ; these is about unk percentage points more than a year ago .
New radio provide higher
unk increased contribution of offshore wind energy results in addition to wind conditions from higher generation capacities , because new wind farms have gone to the grid in the past twelve months .
Would unk 1270 wind power plants in the North Sea all run at full time with full power they could 6.7 gigawatts of electricity
unk transmission capacity is sufficient for this ; according to Tennet , it is 7.1 gigawatt .
By 2030 , it is expected to rise to 17 gigawatts in the German North Sea .
&quot; In Germany and in unk , we are investing 20 billion euros in the expansion of offshore grid connections , &quot; said Tennis Managing Director Tim Meyerjürgens .
In reality , wind farms cannot not exploit their capacity at sea , but unk about 40 percent
The unk record day this year is January 2 , when the North Sea wind farms generated more than unk gigawatt of
unk the North Sea wind turbines about 2.5 to unk gigawatt of electricity , which corresponds to three to four nuclear power plants .
This could supply almost seven million households .
Kunst unk Skirmish &quot; - an exhibition by the Leipzig artist Christian Bold at the Galerie unk Gmünder Kunstverein .
This was almost an unk anniversary celebration for the 130 .
Birthday of the Gmünder Kunstverein : The exhibition opening &quot; Skirmish &quot; with works by Leipzig artist Christian Bold blew up the usual frame of the Corona break .
unk more art lovers than usual followed the dialogue between unk artists and the unk of the Kunstverein , Professor Dr. Klaus Ripper
The musical equivalent was the band &quot; Defenders of the Universe &quot; on the southern Kornhausplatz .
Northern unk gallery engaged unk of the association unk Sandtogether &quot; .
Freital : Windbergfest cancelled for Corona
The Windbergfest will take place this year this year .
The city of Freital cancelled the three-day festival planned in September .
In other years , over 30,000 people had unk city festival unk .
&quot; We have truly not made this decision easy and - in unk how difficult it is economically unk the participants is - hoped until the last minute , explained Mayor Uwe Rumberg ( non-partisan )
&quot; But unk here as organizers , we are responsible for the health of many thousands of people &quot; .
unk if tens of thousands of radio on fixed ground and into radio were unk , minimum distances , hygiene regulations and contact tracking could not been met in accordance with the current Corona protection regulation .
Or the restrictions would have been so strong that not much would have left of unk Volksfest .
In addition , the radio and monitoring effort would increase disproportionately increase many times over .
unk next year
Then the city of Freital celebrates its 100th anniversary , among other things with unk from 7 to 9. unk and the day of unk Saxony from 10 to 12 September 2021 .
Dressage Olympic champion Werth in Achleiten not to beat
Achleiten unk The six time Olympic champion Isabell Werth was the outstanding rider at the dressage tournament in Austrian unk
The 51-year-old unk Rheinberg won four victories at four starts at four starts .
After she had a Grand Prix unk at the start with Weihegold unk , she unk on Sunday in the Grand Prix Special and in the freestyle not to beat .
On the unk mare Weihegold , Werth prevailed in the special unk against the unk Max-Theurer on Abegglen .
Also in freestyle , the Deutsche unk Saturday unk on unk ahead of her 34-year-old student Victoria Max-Theurer .
Wer&apos;s winning horse Quantaz belongs to Max-Theurer .
The most successful dressage rider in the world unk establishing the ten-year-old stallion in the Grand Prix .
For Quantaz it was the unk at all .
Already at the first tournament in Achleiten three weeks ago unk Werth all important four exams won unk
The last of unk international unk there planned for 14 to 16 August
More air traffic controllers in Worms Worfuture
The Worms University unk into the skies : The &quot; DFS unk Flugsicherung &quot; unk a professorship for &quot; Air Traffic Management &quot; .
A corresponding contract between the university and DFS has now been signed in Worms unk
The contract was signed for three years and unk 2021
With the professorship , it is possible to enable the start of the studies not only in summer , but also in the winter semester .
This means that twice as many students can become unk as before .
At the same time , the capacities are unk in unk as well as unk of the unk of the DFS are evzed .
The DFS will advise the university on the establishment and occupation of the professor
Represented at the university since 2019
Since the summer semester 2019 , the first students have been unk part of their training as air traffic controller at the unk Worms in the degree program in Air unk .
unk this year unk nine students .
So far , unk experiences unk DFS are very positive , the achievements unk students unk outstanding .
The combination of unk pilot training helps unk to further increase the attractiveness of the pilot profession
unk In these times , we do not notice economically .
However , we firmly expect air traffic to rerecover and grow again in the long term .
In order to be able to fulfil our legal contract in the future , we need highly qualified personnel &quot; , unk Professor Klaus-Dieter Scheurle unk Managing Director of DFS when signing the contract .
&quot; For DFS , unk is a future-proof investment that will air traffic controllers convey a broad , cross-interdisciplinary knowledge base in the long term .
We therefore continue the good cooperation with unk university and at the same time underpin our attractiveness as an employer &quot; .
This is underlined Professor Dr. Jens Hermsdorf unk President of Worms University of Applied Sciences : unk The endowed professorship forms an important bridge between science and business
With her , unk to unk existing cooperation with the DFS Deutsche Flugsicherung as practical partner want to build the dual bachelor &apos;s degree in unk traffic unk
The trust of the German Air traffic control is both motivation and commitment for the Worms University of Applied Sciences to further expand its teaching and research expertise in the future fields of air transport .
In use for the air traffic controllers of tomorrow , the university can set very special highlights and innovative priorities for unk students with the first owed professorship for a dual degree programme .
unk Denis Alt , State Secretary at the Ministry of Science , ContinuEducation and Culture , emphasises : &quot; The Worms University of Applied Sciences with its focus on air transport has an unk in Rhineland-Palatinate .
Today &apos;s signing of the cooperation agreement strengthens the profile of the university &quot; .
Rescue screwdriver unk on the A 45
About 30 minutes , the motorway A 45 unk Saturday afternoon in the direction of Aenburg fully unk , as after an radio the rescue helicopters was in unk
A 76-year-old drove with a Ford around 12.40 pm at the exit Alzenau-Mitte in unk bend and landed on the guardrail .
unk out the impact of the front tairbags , which unk minor injuries on the face and become unk for treatment in a hospital .
The injuries of the 72-year-old passenger were carcare for by the emergency doctor and unk patient flelown to a hospital with the rescue helicopter .
At the moment however , the police assume that there is no danger of life .
The damaged unk , on which unk of about 2000 euros was created , had to be towed unk
Heil wants to test other industries by meat industry
The Corona crisis brought to light the conditions in parts of unk
Law tighations are imminent
But are they right - and unk remain
Federal Labour Minister Hubertus Heil ( SPD ) wants to unk according to the now planned strict regulations against grievances in the meat industry .
&quot; We will take the industry for unk and then take suitable measures for the respective industry , if necessary , &quot; said Heil of the German Press Agency in Berlin .
Germany &apos;s employers already warn against restricting work contracts
After the mass Corona outbreak at the unk Tönnies in North Rhine-Westphalia , the Federal Cabinet wants to pass a law unk salvation this Wednesday .
Large slaughterhouses should no longer allowed to use external personnel slaughter unk decomposition and meat processing .
To this end , the use of work contracts and temporary workers there is be banned there .
Employer President Ingo Kramer said the dpa : &quot; Finger weg away unk a general restriction of work contracts and employee employment unk if unk does not want to completely strangle unk economy &quot; .
Work contracts are , for example , for radio areas of crafts , radio and the unk necessarily the basis for their unk customers .
&quot; The misgreseds of individuals do not destroy such an important instrument &quot; .
Heil assured : &quot; My goal is to proban work contracts everywhere in the unk economy &quot; .
work contracts unk
&quot; If an industrial company instructs a craftsman to install an unk , this is a completely unk work contract &quot; .
The German meat industry considers a ban on work contracts and unk in its unk unconstitutional .
It is not explable why other labour should be labour law should than other labour law than unk sausage unk sausage , according to a statement on the legislative project , as the &quot; Neue Osnabrücker unk &quot; ( Saturday ) unk .
In the event of a ban , the consumer price would increase by 10 to 20 percent unk kilo and product .
Numften ly Eastern European employees from unk worked in unk industry according to the results of an unk of the NRW Arbeitssafety administration partly 16 hours a day .
Often they had unk break .
Wage has been withtained for protective equipment or rent .
It was noted unk that the situation at the accommodation of employees was often miserable .
Heil said unk for the meat industry had a relatively sharp law came into force in 2017
But , these were bypassed by &quot; tricky constructions &quot; .
&quot; Now must fundamentally tidy unk &quot; .
The politician announced : &quot; In the Occupational Safety Act , which we want to decide in the cabinet at the end of July , measures are also unk that not only affect unk meat industry - for example , higher test rates in occupational safety or clear criteria for Community accommodation &quot; .
The draft before the dpa includes amendments to the law on unk workers &apos; rights in the meat industry and unk .
unk Consumer Protection Minister Ursula Nonnemacher ( Green ) considers more intense radio necessary
&quot; I would like us to be able to take radio controls in many supervisory areas : food controls , animal welfare unk everything possible , for example unk animal transport unk , said Nonnemacher on Sunday in the RBB programme &quot; Brandenburg aktuell &quot; .
But more controls also require more staff
Three dead in the crash of ultralight aircraft in Germany
In the crash of an ultralight aircraft on an apartment family house in Wesel in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia , three people , three people died .
A child was slightly injured .
Two unk people had been saved injured in the accident , said unk spokesman unk Wesel
According to the accident , a parachute was found , according to the police
The &quot; Rheinische Post &quot; reported , ying on eyewitnesses unk before the crash , the aircraft had lided together into a hot air balloon .
The house is a single-family or two-family house . The house
Further radio was initially known .
eviction of Frankfurter Opernplatz peaceful
A week after the riots in Frankfurt , the evacution of the opera field was also peaceful on night .
Finally , a few dozen people stayed on the square , but unk it before the beginning of the curfew at .
The police were unk on the early evening with numerous officials , throughout the unk was a larger police squad .
For the first time this weekend from midnight , a ban on ban for the opera square , on which unk came to riots a week ago .
Policemen had been attacked with bottles from the crowd of celebrants .
At least five officers were injured by radio police missions and several police vehicles were damaged .
The night of Saturday was also quietly unk .
Car flips : Young woman unk accident on federal road unk Hofgeismar seriously injured
In an accident unk Schöneberg and Hümme , a 21-year-old suffered serious injuries on Sunday at 1.25 p.m .
She was taken to the Klinikum Kassel .
With unk , the fire brigade looked for possible passengers .
According to the police , the unk was on the road straße 83 the direction of her residence Hümme , when her car came off unk from previously unexplained cause and overover several times .
In order to save the accident , the fire brigade had to cut the roof of the car .
unk was unclear whether there was still someone in the vehicle , the adjacent corn field was searched from the rotary ladder with a thermal imaging camera unk
The unk from Warburg , which also works with thermal imaging cameras , had also been ordered for radio search .
However , the emergency ers found no anyone between the high corn plants .
The seriously injured was taken to the ambulance the ambulance .
Almost 50 forces unk fire brigade Hofgeismar , Hümme and Schöneberg unk on site
The federal road was closed for two hours due to
Juventus Turin unk in Italy
unk - After a redeeming goal by Cristiano Ronaldo , record champion Juventus has secured the Italian championship for the unk time in series .
The team around the five-time world football player made the 36th Scudetto of the club history perfect with a 2-0 ( unk 0 ) on unk im unk Sampdoria Genoa .
Ronaldo unk to 1 : 0 before the unk .
With 83 unk , Turin , which competed without the last long injured former player Sami Khedira , is no longer replace radio place two days before the end of the end of Serie A .
The unk Inter Milan is seven points behind .
Juventus was harmless despite optical superiority in the first half , then Ronaldo hit unk of the last action after a free kick variant .
A addition of Miralem Pjanic used unk 35-year-old from the penalty limit directly with a flat shot ( 45th + 7 )
Ronaldo was also involved , Ronaldo also involved against the more open guests , unk his shot dusted Federico unk ( 67 . ) .
This secured the lackluster , unk success .
The foulelmeter shot at the latte in the 89th minute may have ed only Ronaldo himself with a view to the Torjhäger classification .
&quot; It &apos;s complicated to stay mentally unk physically for 90 minutes at ball
The unk are strange , and unk momentum is unk very easily , &quot; coach Maurizio Sarri explained after the : 2 at Udinese Calcio on unk .
Especially the mental exhaustion of his players is great , said the Juve coach .
Because to the defeat , the Turin had not yet able the championship perfectly
Juve owe the sassuring lead at the top the top of the table to the weakness of unk .
In the eleven games before the match on Sunday , the Sarriteam had only five victories .
Whether Ronaldo becomes unk is questionable
While the Portuguese superstar scored 31 goals so far , the former Dortmund Ciro Immobile already has 34 goals on his unk at 5 : 1 ( 1 : 1 ) of the fourth Lazio Rom unk Hellas unk 34 hits on his unk - as many as Robert Lewandowski contributed to the title of FC Bayern .
The record in Italy is held by current juve professional Gonzalo unk .
The Argentine scored 36 goals for SSC Naples in the 2015 season .
In August , the next title chance awaits the &quot; unk lady &quot; of Italian unk .
Juventus is unk in the round of 16 of champions , but unk on 7 August against Olympique Lyon make up for a 0 – 1 first page , unk to reach the final tournament in Lisbon .
In the next knockout round , Real Madrid unk Manchester City would wait as an opponent .
Baden-Württemberg : Over 250 unk car
Stuttgart - Despite all threatened penalties and court judgments , drivers accelerradio gas at countless illegal races on unk Baden-Württemberg roads : unk vergangenen unk and the first four months of this year , the police in the southwest have already registered more than 250 illegal car races .
There are no comparative values for the years unk , but unk speazers do the radio increasingly work : At the prosecut&apos;s offices between Konstanz and Mannheim , a total of 155 investigations were conducted every year for illegal races , a year later it was already 252 and in the current radio 151 until the beginning of June .
The races were less about organized events , as shown from the answer of the Ministry of Interior to a request from the Landtag -SPD
In most cases , the drivers spontaneously eted against each other or unk had fled from the police - this is also reported as an illegal race .
The wheel was mainly German men between the ages of 18 and 60
113 fines - unk imprison
Only in comparatively few cases are they caught and also asked to checkout : According to the Ministry of the Interior , has a total of 113 unk since 2018 and 15 unk extremely unk
However , there is no evidence that the number of illegal car races is actually increasing .
Rather , other motorists reacted more sensitive than before due to the several radio accidents and processes and indicated more often , unk a sperial spokesman .
Again and again , drivers brake the traffic in order to give unk space and to use the free track for a race .
Last August , a dozen riders were caught near Kirchheim unter Teck , three months earlier it was unk 18 unk on the A8 at Merklingen .
A81 is the most popular &quot; unk &quot;
On the A81 , the police register even more races than on any other federal
With a speed limit , attempts are made to slow down the speeders on the particularly affected section between Engen and Geisingen .
The mostly high-priced and pewed sports and luxury cars often have Swiss license plates , because the drivers doto the lawn Germany due to the high unk for too fast driving and car racing in the neighboring country .
For the SPD , unk , the limit must not reduce unk a few routes unk &quot; With a general radio of 130 kilometers per hour unk , this problem unk on motorways unk , &quot; says Martin Rivoir , the traffic expert of unk .
&quot; The inhibition threshold for Raser would be significantly higher if you could not unk here and there unk 200 kilometers per hour and more on the go &quot; .
Rivoir keeps unk of enlightenment or image campaigns : &quot; unk in such a way beyond all rules and sets not only one &apos;s own life , but also the life of other road users unk play , is hardly atachable with reason .
ADAC calls for stronger crackthrough unk police Police
unk enough is enough for the ADAC : &quot; We assume that Raser can not be deterred by the speed , &quot; says unk Bach , Head of Transport and unk at the ADAC Württemberg .
It also demands additional radio harder controls on the affected routes
Not infrequently , the high-tourpower of radio and more ous serious : Since January 2019 and until April 2020 , three people have died in the races , of two unparticipants in a nightly crash in Stuttgart &apos;s city center and one in Gerlingen
In November , two young men are said to have delivered a car race .
One unk vehicle came off from the street , boashed against unk garden wall and remained on the unk of the 18-year-old passenger died .
21 more people were injured in the races of the unk for two years .
In the opinion of Interior Minister Thomas Strobl , however sharpenter penalties are not necessary : &quot; unk need for action to sanction unk motor vehicle races harder unk , unk not seen &quot; unk it is says unk paper unk Interior the Interior .
unk from July 23 : Thirsty burglar steals drinks from sn
Rohrdorf : unk man broke sed on Thursday in Rohrdorf ( Calw ) in unk snack and stolen drinks and cash
A witness heard sounds in the Talstraße at around m. in the Tal40 and ran towards the snack .
unk he noticed a man who used drinks on the fridge and left unk snack afterwards through a previously entrance door .
The perpetrator fled towards the unk behind the snack .
The burglar used unk police unk at a checkout and stole cash in the low three-digit range .
The suspect is described as follows : he is about 1.75 to 1.80 unk tall and of unk stature
In fact , he wore a black hoodie , black trousers and bright shoes .
The police accept further witnesses
Ackermann sprints unk victory on final stage at Sibiu Tour
Proclist Pascal Ackermann won his second victory of the day on the final stage of the 10th Sibiu Tour .
The 26-year-old Palatine from the team unk preved on unk 109 kilometers long section unk start and finish in Sibiu in the mass sprint , after he already won a stage on unk .
unk were the unk three and four for Ackermann .
In the overall classification , his unk team mate Gregor Mühlberger prevailed .
The 26-year-old had confidently decided the unk in the morning and thus took over unk top in the class .
Only 104 riders were unk in the evening for the final stage .
No less than 18 starters had fallen victim to the time limit the time limit
&quot; I &apos;m really happy to start the season restart with an unk , Ackermann unk had explained his success on Saturday
&quot; The sprint was really hectic , &quot; said the 26-year-old .
300 meters from the finish , he simply attracted his sprint , &quot; and it also worked out perfectly &quot; .
According to the unk Weltverband unk , a Corona test was carried out by all racing participants and their companions six days before the start of the race .
During the entire tour , drivers and supervisors in isolated hygiene bubbles were separated from the organizational team and the media .
unk at start and finish were not allowed .
Head center gave instruction on amateur resuscitation
unk - unk accident unk Sunday noon in Düsseldorf-Garath .
In an apartment building , unk Kind ( 4 ) was suddenly lifeless in the water .
According to the fire brigade , the emergency call was received at shortly before 13 o &apos;clock .
&quot; A control center disper immediately gave instructions unk lay ateur reanimation , &quot; said a fire refokesman to BILD .
unk coming rescue workers took over the resuscitation measures a little later .
The child floating in unk became unk under resuscitation into the university clinic .
Why it crashed is unclear unk .
The police have routinely started the investigation into the accident .
The fire refokesman : &quot; We assume a tragic accident in the apartment &quot;
Nuremberg : Unapproved tuning meeting - police intervene , 700 unk around unk people
Hundreds of cars and temporarily over 1000 people participated on Saturday &quot; a &quot; tuning meeting &quot; in the parking lot of a furniture store .
unk police implemented their unk to control such events more vely .
A big tuning meeting came on Saturday evening ( July 25 July 2020 ) in Nuremberg berger Südstadt unk
Several hundred vehicles were involved .
According to unk Middle Franconia , around 10.30 p.m. , the Nuremberg traffic police found an increased volume of vehicles in the area of a large parking lot in Ingolstädter Straße unk
The police then took a large number of vehicle controls .
Only recently , the unk announced that its wanted to take action against so-called autoposers .
Illegal tuning meeting in Nuremberg : Only small part of unk &quot; scene
The officials counted at the top a good 700 vehicles unk about 1100 people , balfor the unk .
However , only a small part of part of those present of the &quot; unk &quot; and tuning scene is unk .
Apparently , most of the relevant scene responded to the police &apos;s appeal .
Based on the unk place located vehicles and people , it be assumed that it is mainly about onlookers unk .
In addition , the majority of those present adhered to the applicable infection protection regulations , in particular the unk of the minimum distance and unk wearing of a mouand-nose protection .
The local radio was finished around 1 : 00 .
In total , the officials found such structural changes in 10 vehicles that the operating licence had expired .
Four of these vehicles had to become radio . four
unk
There were no illegal car races .
&quot; The Police headquarters conFranfrania will continue to keep an eye on the events and continue to take increased control measures , also in connection with the advent of oners , through unk , it said .
The unk News5 spoke to Jürgen Schrödinger of the participating unk &quot; unk have all beautiful rims , we must not scratch them &quot; , &quot; says Schrödinger .
unk would use special bands
Also because the cars are wider , the company has to care not to any damage .
&quot; The young unk should finally get their cars back without scathed &quot; .
Figbers unk Employment agency : 900 suspicion cases on unk bei unk
Berlin - unk Federal Employment Agency ( BA ) , according to own statement , about 900 suspected cases of unk abuse in short-time worker allowance .
&quot; This is unk more than unk companies have displayed short-time work , unk little , &quot; said Daniel CEO Daniel Terzenbach for the operative business of the unk Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung unk .
When at the beginning of the Corona crisis , many companies had suddenly applied for short-time work , the BA had to react quickly .
Usually the test takes up to unk weeks .
&quot; unk a lot of time was not available to us unk of this hot unk .
The more precisely we will look at the unk
It will certainly meet some lot .
We are not naive and have a long breath &quot;
Indications of unk would often come from the affected unk or trade unions .
In addition , the BA uses unk to detect abuse patterns .
According to Terzenbach , the BA is preparing for a possible unk in autumn .
&quot; Will there be unk more insolvencies unk previous year unk
unk assessments go apart unk but we prepare ourselves the case of the case and already train our employees in unk employment agencies for the radio of applications for unk &quot; .
The figures are still unk , said Terzenbach .
World Heritage in Potsdam : unk dissolved in the New Garden
Potsdam - On Friday evening about 40 young people celebrated unk party in the New Garden
The collection was been dissolved at 8.48 by the district representatives of the Foundation Prussian Palaces and Gardens ( SPSG ) , the foundation announced on PNN request
unk young people would have left unk park .
On Saturday evening , unk young people had played rugby in the New Garden .
The meadow was cleared by unk , said SPSG spokesman Frank unk on Sunday
Again and again there are illegal celebrations in the parks
In the parks of the foundation unk repeatedly too unk in which the distance and hygiene rules Covid-19 contact decreance are not observed .
At the end of June there was a celebration with about 300 people in the Babelsberg Park , a week later about 150 people celebrated in the New Garden .
Even without coronaverarrangement , unk parks are closed at
The storage on the meadows is prohibited parking prohibited , it unk only unk exceptions unk
The foundation has been complaining for some time that visitors would leave more and more garbage and destroy protected biotopes .
In Berlin , illegal park parties have meanwhile reached an unk dimension .
In the Hasenheide unk district Neukölln unk the night to Sunday 5000 unk illegal techno
The event was unk by the police .
Austria : Mass tests by unk Tourist
With hundreds of tests , authorities have responded to an unk in the Upper Austrian tourist resort of St. Wolfgang .
The number of confirmed cases rose to 48 , as the state authorities in Linz
More than 100 results go out in the evening . the evening .
Accordingly , many of the unk young interns in tourism companies , but also at least one holiday guest are tested positively tested .
Residents , guests and tourism staff were asked to stay unk Saturday evening their accommodation .
The curfew was set with unk clock . clock .
&quot; unk gives there and there cancellations and cancellations &quot; of bookings , unk oss unk Wolfgangsee , unk Wieser , the dpa .
Some guests also left prematurely .
St. unk is the most important tourist resort of Upper Austria with more than 400,000 unk last year
In an unk season , about a third of guests are Germans
On Friday , the first infections had become publicly known .
The head of unk , Alois unk , defended on Saturday the behavior of interns , who might have celebrated in several unk and infected there .
&quot; We all liked to do that in our youth , &quot; he told the radio station Ö1 .
However , two bars were closed on Friday to prevent further
The Tourist Board launched an information campaign to sensitize unk to the unk of Covid-19 .
From unk then unk hundreds of unk , holidaymakers and locals tested .
In addition , all guests who were in St. Wolfgang from 15 July were contacted .
The eruption awakens memories of the Austrian ski and party place Ischgl unk Tirol , which in the early phase of the pandemic , unk a center of the Corona propagspread throughout Europe .
In total , more than 1500 people are currently infected with the virus
The new infections focus on Vienna and Upper Austria
Premier League : Man United and Chelsea for Champions League
London ( dpa ) - The English football record champion Manchester United returns to the Champions League after a year of absence .
The Red Devils secured third in the on the last match day of Premier League by a 2-0 ( 0-0 ) victory against direct val Leicester City .
The unk must now be content with the Europa League because the FC unk still passed and also qualified for the premier class .
In the fight against relegation , Aston Villa was allowed
Manchester United took led by a penalty kick by Bruno Fernandes ( 71st unk ) .
After an unk card for Leicester City in the extra season , Jesse hit unk ( 90th + 8 ) at the final score .
Chelsea , unk opponent ents of Bayern , won to Mason Mount ( 45th + 1 ) and Olivier Giroud ( 45th + 4 ) parallel with 2 unk ( 2 – 0 ) against Wolverhampton Wanderers
unk That means a lot to me &quot; , unk Frank Lampard , who is in his first season as Chelsea coach unk in the final of the FA Cup against Arsenal .
Tottenham &apos;s victory Wolverhampton also benefited from Woltenham unk , who passed by the Wolves with a lean 1 : 1 ( 1-0 ) at Crystal Palace and finished sixth in the Europa League .
Aston Villa chose the unk with unk and unk AFC Bournemouth , but had to tremble at West Ham United for a long time
The unk leadership of Jack Grealish ( 84 ) immediately compensated Andrey Yarmolenko ( 85 .
The 1 : 1 unk 0 : 0 ) was enough because Watford lost 2-3 ( 1 : 3 ) at Arsenal .
The unk that which hated three unk in the season , increases after five first division years unk .
Just like unk , that itself unk a 3 : 1 unk 2 : 1 ) could no longer unk at Everton FC .
In the end unk a point .
The unk Liverpool , which has been as English radio since the end of June , secured unk with a 3 – 1 ( 1-1 ) victory unk Newcastle unk club record
unk counters are the highest value unk that unk ever have in a football season .
The point record unk English football unk coach Jürgen Klopp with his team only narrowly .
unk keeps Manchester City with 100 points unk of the 2017 / 18 season
unk of the Newcastle lead in the first minute , Virgil van Dijk ( 38 ) , Divock Origi ( 59th ) and Sadio unk ( unk ) played the game on unk for Liverpool .
&quot; For this wonderful unk it was an extraordinary season , &quot; said goscorer van Dijk after the game , &quot; that should spire us to defend the title unk
It will be difficult &quot; .
Satisfied unk at the end unk the Premier League bosses .
Due to the Coronavirus crisis , football operations unk England was interrupted from 13 March to 17 June .
In the meantime , unk even about a premature demolition or a outcome of the remaining games on neutral ground .
After ually , however , the season could be played without an end without special events - but as in Germany without a spectators in the stadiums .
Arrests and violence in demonstrations against unk
The protests in Israel against Prime Minister Netanyahu are becoming increasingly .
unk of the night there were violent clashes .
The Israeli police went violently violunk on the night of Sunday against participants in a demonstration against the right-wing conservative Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu .
Twelve people were arrested for participating in riots , police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said unk .
The police used unk other water cannons to dissolve the rally .
According to media reports , around total of around 6000 unk on Saturday evening in the unk of Netanyahu &apos;s headquarters .
They protested against unk corruption and Netanyahu &apos;s handling unk Corona crisis .
The protesters beat drums , blew into horns and called on Netanyahu to resign .
There were also participants of unk , unk Netanyahu supported , reported unk news page &quot; ynet &quot; .
Also demonstrated on many other unk Israel , including in front of the private villa of the head of government in the coastal city of Caesarea and in a park in Tel unk .
A man was arrested according to police near Tel Aviv because is susppicof unk car pepper spray unk demonstrators sprayed on the roadunk .
Another man became unk after a knife attack on a demonstrator in the unk of the country .
The unk was slightly injured on the neck .
In Jerusalem and Tel unk there have recently been several demonstrations against unk
The unk accompany the corruption process against the head of government .
Most recently Netanyahu was also criticized for his handling of unk Corona crisis unk
Among other things , he is accused of prerapid loosening and a lack of preparation for a second Corona wave .
The Corona crisis has made it difficult to the country &apos;s economy .
The unk was more than 20 percent .
The number of new infections with unk in Israel recently rose to ever new
Accident at Ahlen ( NRW ) - Transporter crcht on car - nine injured Ruhr area - Bild.de
Ahlen - A rear-collision caused nine minor injuries on Saturday afternoon on the unk at Ahlen .
A driver was unk both children ( 3 , 5 ) towards unk
The police : &quot; Presumably had suddenly slowed down because unk wanted to turn &quot; .
This must have unk driver of a Mercedes transporter who drove behind her , probably too late .
He crashed on the back of the
At unk occupants in unk car and unk to the transporter unk injured .
Several radio took her to a surrounding hospital
North Korea loels border city after Corona suspicion
North Korea has so far saw its own measures to defend the coronavirus a &quot; luminous unk
Now the country reports for the first time on a suspicion
Due to a first official Corona suspicion in the country , North Korea has completely sealed a major city for fear of a disaster
unk the strictest epidemiological defensive measures in the unk six months unk could have been introduced unk into unk , &quot; reported the state media .
For the region around the border town unk , the state of emergency had been imposed unk
unk communist leadership proclaimed the highest level of alarm .
If the suspicion is confirmed , it would be the first official case of infection with Sars-CoV-2 in the isolated country .
North Korea had not yet registered a single infection and described its defensive measures as &quot; unk success &quot;
The information was doubted abroad .
According to the symptoms of disease were unk by a &quot; outlier &quot; who illegally crossed the military demarcation line between South and Korea on 19 .
The person has dropped away before three unk after unk and unk now returned unk the limit .
For the border crossing within unk four kilometers wide unk largely still reduced military buffer zone , it initially no confirmation from South Korea .
However , South reports from the national news agency Yonnews agency , South Korea &apos;s military acknowleadmitted the possibility of an illegal border crossing into North Korea .
Investigations on some people were unk
According to North Korea , North Korea is an meeting the Politburo of the Labour Party , chaired by ruler Kim Jong .
The &quot; dangerous situation in Kaesong could trigger an unk destructive radio &quot; unk .
Kim had already ordered unk Friday as a preventive measure to &quot; completely block Kaesong and isolate every district and region from others unk was unk further .
The person concerned as well as all the people in Kaesong who had unk with her , had become under unk .
The central military commission of the party is therefore to investigate unk &quot; unk &quot; as well as the behaviour of the responsible military unit and , if necessary , impose harsh punishment .
According to estimated , about 300,000 people live in Kaesong .
Excitement before Council meeting : City-East and noise protection are still under discussion before a great summer break
&quot; In addition to environmental issues , the committee members will also vote on the development plan for the major project ensttentwicklung-Ost &quot; , unk it rather casually in the middle section of the municipal press release for the next municipal council meeting on Tuesday , 28 July , at 4.30 p.m. in the Great Hall unk CongressCentrums Pforzheim .
However , the appreciation of the eastern city is particularly controversial until the end .
The majorities for this are scarce , most recently in individual committees even depending on the presence .
unk from the economy ( unk real estate unk trade and IT ) , which out of citizenship and then unk administration and unk developed unk now not after unk ten years unk failure let unk criticized project opponents Reinhard Klein as unk non-parliamentary opposition &quot; , &quot; unaware &quot; , &quot; speculation unk , &quot; deigation &quot; and &quot; unk &quot; .
&quot; Everyone think it better unk &quot; , unk Klein , unk has belonged to the municipal council for a year as unk representative of the Pforzlist Pforzheim .
In fact , after reading the contracts , he is in this position : &quot; I know what I &apos;m talking about &quot;
The radio comes from the unk cheaper , the Technical City Hall unk , contrary to the statements of the city administration according subsigrants , the existence of Klein is convinced to rehabilitate for 8.5 million euros .
The city will develop quite differently than one predicts unk and unk of the supporters from the economy .
unk city unk to design its own power and not unk investor : This is his plan unk to small , the FDP / FW unk UB / LED faction , which also rejects the project , presented an alternative concept
It essentially also provides for the renovation of the Technical Town Hall , the open closure of the Schloßberg unk the rental unk Ex-Thales for administrative areas and a smaller part unk ideally with local carriers .
Environmental issues play a
In addition , environmental issues will play a central role .
Among other things , the municipal council will vote on unk .
unk includes various measures to the unk of the Pforzheim population before health noise pollution , caused by road traffic , unk often temporary reductions .
In a press release , unk local transport club Germany welcomes the radio introduction of Tempo 30 . However , those responsible in unk city are not innocent of the fact this must so , because they through neglect in car traffic and thus the bus traffic with thed cycles and have only contributed to the massive increase in car traffic and commitment to noise , according to the VCD .
The municipal council also coordinates on the participation of the city of the energy and climate protection agency Pforzheim / Enzkreis .
In addition , on the agenda of accession to the unk of the state Baden-Württemberg , the definition of the parental contributions unk to the urban daycare institutions unk the application for admission in the smart city funding of the federal .
Citizens are welcome , but they to heed Corona protection measures .
Tim Zimmermann starts the new season with a lot of delay
With almost half an unk delay Tim Zimmermann will start his premiere season unk ADAC GT Masters on 31 July .
Before the league of supercars record the regular operation unk , the first were on .
For Zimmermann , unk was about getting to know his Lamborghini Huracan GT3 unk .
The Corona crisis has for a long time prevented Tim Zimmermann being able to tackle his first service trip unk new unk Huracan from Grasser Racing .
This was now possible under special hygiene conditions
unk 23-year-old Langenargener made his first lunds on the Lausitzring and was able to get used to his premiere in the GT3 car .
&quot; There are already a few things that are different unk with the Porsche from unk &quot; says Zimmermann .
&quot; With the ABS , for example , you have to go differently into the curves differently .
But it really was a lot of fun &quot; .
unk also had fun with Steijn Schothorst , with whom he share his orange sports car in the GT Masters unk
The Dutchman is despite his unk 25 years unk GT sports unk was able to help his new teammmate in many things
&quot; I &apos;m not a beginner in motorsport unk but every new series also brings new challenges &quot; , unk Zimmermann .
unk Steijn and unk understand us unk and we have made enormous progress at the Lausitzring unk from session to session &quot; .
Exactly there - at Lausitzring - the GT Masters will also host its first race .
From 31 July , the 33 supercars will race through Lusatia .
Zimmermann , who unk one of 15 series newcomers , knows the unk but well .
In 2015 , he was most last guest at the Motodrom .
&quot; It worked quickly and unk had to get used little unk to the track , &quot; says unk , who starts the Friedrichshafen racing community Graf Zeppelin
&quot; The Lausitzring has many fast passages that you have to meet optimally to be unk &quot; .
How fast Zimmermann really is , turns out in two unk
&quot; The teams of the teams poker a little bit at unk &quot; , unk er unk
&quot; In the end , we are very satisfied unk are unk first weekend at Lausitzring &quot; .
The race in Brandenburg will be the prelude to a densely packed calendar .
Seven races will be scheduled by the beginning of November .
Currently the stand is that no spectators will be allowed to unk but there is a prominent unk .
In mid-August at the Nürburgring unk Ex-Formula 1 driver Niko Hülkenberg into the GT steering wheel unk .
British Transport Minister of Quarantine Decision cold caught
The decision by the British government decision to put quarantine for two weeks on return , according to press reports , has caught the country &apos;s transport minister of transport .
Accto ingly , Grant Shapps is currently on holiday in Spain , unk his colleagues decided at home on Saturday unk measure .
Due of the again increasing Corona numbers figures in Spain , the cabinet unk London cancelled the country unk to the list of those countries from which entry is possible without quarantine pditions .
The new regulation applies from today , Sunday , so Shapps will also have to quarantine after his return .
In Austria , unk government has imposed quarantine measures on returnees
unk the regulation applies to those , unk just on the deadline holiday , only from unk Saturday , August 1 unk and was not introduced overnight .
By the way , unk is Austria far regarded as one of the &quot; safe countries &quot; for which no quarantine in unk is needed .
&quot; Numerous ministers may have known in advance that there is a possibility of a quarantine on holidaymakers in Spain , &quot; commented unk Diane Abbot .
&quot; But apparently no one has made the effort to tell Grant Shapps &quot; .
Less under a month after the end of the Corona emergency in Spain and the expiry of the strict curfew , the unk in the unk rise again .
unk mainly blame the nightlife for unk new spread .
Spain unk to the favourite holiday countries of the British .
unk unnecessary travel to the Spanish mainland , the unk government currently advises , the canaries popular with British holidaymakers and unk are unk
To date , more than 272,000 infections have been registered with the novel coronavirus and more than 28,000 deaths .
Russia : unk of the Navy : Putin announces unk for warships
The Russian unk Vladimir Putin has announced unk day unk Navy in unk country an equipment of warships with radio hypersonic weapons
With these unique weapons in the world would expand the combat possibilities of the Russian naval forces , Putin said on Sunday in St. Petersburg at the central Marine Parade .
According to the agency Interfax , the Ministry of Defense also focuses about successful tests of the hypersonic missile built for the Navy .
The hyperpersonic weapons have multiple of the radio of around unk meters per second
They are considered weapons of the future unk
Underwater tropedeo will continue to unk
unk is also on the atomic radio underwater torpedo Poseidon , it was said
The planned sea drone is planned for unk coastal
The president , who unk with a military boat drove unk said that in unk year alone new ships would be put service with the individual fleet units of the largest country on earth .
Russia has such a large coastal area as no other country in the world .
For 300 years , the Navy has been protecting ably , Putin said at the day celebrated by sailors .
Also on many other Russian coastal towns , the naval forces celebrated the Navy Day with parades .
In Syria , where unk fights alongside ruler Bashar al-Assad , the military demonstrated unk of a gun show in the unk of Tartu &apos;s strength .
There also ammunition was fired unk
A video a video published by the Ministry of Defense was not only warships , unk a submarine , but also unk and jets .
Hurricane &quot; Hanna &quot; reaches Texas : unk made difficult because to Corona
Washington - The first hurricane of this year &apos;s season across the Atlantic has unk in Texas .
Lilife-threatening floods , strong winds unk heavy rainfall now threatened parts of the US state , unk the unk hurricane center of the US climate agency NOAA the night on Sunday ( local time ) unk
Governor Greg Abbott called for a state of emergency for numerous districts .
The radio rampant in Texas unk the work of the helpers , Abbott continued according to the US media .
Evacuated called for caution
&quot; Every hurricane is an enormous challenge , &quot; unk Abbott according to the Houston Chronicle &quot;
With a unk the cyclone in Texas , he added &quot; unk is complicated and is even exacerbated considering that it sweeps through an area that is the most affected area affected by Covid-19 &quot; .
According to Johns Hopkins University , around 5,000 people have died in Texas a result of the Corona pandemic .
Abbott called on people who had to leave their homes to caution .
They unk practices , unk we have become accustomed &quot; , do not disregard unk wearing masks unk said the governor according to the broadcaster CBS unk
It is important that everyone kept away
Therefore , unk in some places also hotel rooms provided unk .
unk should be tested for unk in emergency accommodation .
Damage was initially reported from the coastal town of Port Mansfield
Storm warning withdrawn
With wind speeds of up to 150 kilometers per hour , unk Hanna &quot; was hit on land on unk island of Padre Island immediately just off the Texas coast .
The tropical storm was previously upgraunk to the hurricane of the lowest level one unk .
For the stretch of coast of Port Mansfield unk Sargent , an unk was initially enacted and later withdrawn .
unk expected a weakening , unk &quot; Hanna &quot; moved further inland and headed to the northeast of Mexico .
&quot; Douglas &quot; moves in Hawaii
In the Pacific , Hurricane &quot; Douglas &quot; was on the in unk night on Sunday with wind speeds of about 150 kilometers per hour unk towards Hawaii .
The hurricane center , however , is that it continues to weaken unk .
According to unk prediction , it should drink on Sunday ( local time ) near the largest islands of Hawaii - then a storm just below the hurricane threshold .
Above the Atlantic , NOAA expected an above-average unk hurricane season this year after a prediction of unk .
From June to November , up to ten hurricanes were expected , up to six very cyclones , the authority had .
unk average there is unk year over unk Atlantic six hurricanes , three unk develop into storms of great strength unk
Given the available climate data and the higher water temperature in the Atlantic and the Caribbean , the likelihood of a normal season is only 30 percent , which of a bel-average unk at ten percent , it was said at the time .
US President Donald Trump wrote via Twitter that his government was watching the storms and was in contact with the states concerned
Four goals strioked : Video assistant &quot; punished &quot; Sassuolo
Sassuolos Filip Djuricic were stripped of two
Naples - Four goals unk , four unk revoked : Sassuolo unk experienced a raven black evening at 0 : 2 ( 0 : 1 ) at SSC Naples in the Italian football league series A - and was really sgry unk the video assistant of the speaker
&quot; A festival of ungiven gates for Sassuolo .
The VAR has never been so hard against a team unk , &quot; commented the &quot; Corriere dello Sport &quot; .
Host Naples had taken lead through a goal of defender Elseid Hisaj in the 8th minute , in the 32nd minute Filip Djuricic initially cheered the balance .
The Video Assistant Referee ( unk ) unk the hit back because of a side position .
Five minutes later , Djuricic shot the ball unk into the net - again the VAR intervened
unk the goals of attackers Francesco unk ( 50 . ) and Domenico Berardi ( 61 . ) took the referee team after reference to the VAR
In the extra time , Allan made the 2 – 0 final score perfect for Naples and the bitter evening for Sassuolo .
&quot; The VAR is unk Sassuolo worse than an unk on the street and punishes Sassuolo like no unk before .
The new technology ensures records , &quot; writes the &quot; Gazzetta unk Sport &quot; unk
FC Bayern München : unk injured
Munich unk dpa ) - The start unk the hot preparation phase unk the Champions League began for unk FC Bayern with a set
The Hansi Flick , &quot; somewhat ably good after a short holiday a few training days and few training , has to think after the first team training , how unk can unk his successful defense after the injury of world champion Benjamin Pavard .
The Frenchman , who has the third most mission minutes behind Captain Manuel Neuer Joshua Kimmich Joshua Kimmich , unk suffered a band injury on the unk foot root and threatens to be missing in decisive king class duels .
In the Munich dirty weather , the right-defender broke a training game and was driven from the course with a golf kt
unk long that has to pause unlimited radio in the fight for unk , is open
A match in the quart-16 second leg against Chelsea FC on 8 August is be difficult possible to hope for the final tournament of the 24-year-old , who began in Lisbon on 12 August in Lisbon .
unk Bavaria do not want to be stopped by the mishap from the training on Sunday .
Flick called in his personal unk the three attributes he wanted to see from his stars on the way to Portugal &apos;s capital
Quality unk and concentration are show vicwinning hungry title collectors in the ideally following 28 unk until the king class final on 23 August unk
&quot; We have the unk championship and trophy just excellent unk .
Now it &apos;s time to create the special thing , &quot; said Flick .
Until unk the Munich can deal with the unk and previously a training camp in unk Algarve , but the round t-final duty against Chelsea is .
After unk 3 : unk in the first leg before the Corona break , the Londoners in unk local arena unk as in the lost &quot; Finale dahoam unk 2012 unk become unk .
&quot; We have to go unk the door .
unk want to win , create good conditions unk reel your confidence with a good game , &quot; demanded unk .
A test for unk will be scheduled on Friday against Olympique Marseille .
With a long speech , Flick had sworn his stars , who had 13 days of holiday after unk Double , unk a unique August .
31 players welcomed unk on Säbener Straße , also unk the new players around noble purchasing Leroy unk which for the first time after his change from Manchester unk all new colleagues on the square unk
&quot; Leroy has fit well like all the new ones , &quot; Flick reported .
But instead of over the new season unk , if Sané &amp; Co. are longer only allowed to train , unk Flick much rather about the radio title project of German unk .
After days of individual and small group training , they team now is now trained for the Londoners , who in contrast to unk Fliensemble in playing rhythm .
unk could face the Munich reach a quarter-finals against FC Barcelona and Lionel Messi , in the semifinals Real Madrid , Manchester unk or Juventus are possible opponents
unk way to the final in Lisbon &quot; unk not so easy , &quot; stressed the head coach , who from Tuesday can rely on the services of his new assistant Miroslav Klose in training
The World Cup sector scorer unk and Flick know of many joint tournament preparation , which is important in the 0 to 100 attunement .
With his current team , working is &quot; a pleasure &quot; , praised Flick .
unk &quot; focus on winning &quot; is an impressive characteristic of his team .
The tournament with nine-teams , unk was ambitious on Sunday .
Of the performers , everyone were there , including the unk Thiago and defender David Alaba , whose whereabouts is not secured beyond the royal class season .
Formula 1 needs a special rule to select its world
Since it cannot drive on the required number of continents , the FIA must improvise to award the World Cup titles
However , all American races were cancelled .
Race calendar unk more and more concrete
unk race calendar of the current Formula 1 season continues to take shape
In addition to the ten confirmed Grand Prix , three more race tracks were added the week .
In October , will be drive at the Nürburgring in Germany and in Portimão , Portugal .
On the first of November Lewis Hamilton and Co. will fight for unk on the traditional race track in Imola .
Thus , the 2020 race calendar includes 13 unk according to current level .
unk We are pleased that we continue to achieve unk in the completion of our plans for unk season , &quot; said Formula 1 boss Chase Carey .
A total of 15 to 18 races will be completed to be completed in the premier class of unk season .
unk wants Formula 1 wants its season in Asia .
The unk race calendar will be fixed and published in the coming weeks .
Prior to the officially targeted races in Bahrain unk Abu Dhabi unk December , according to media reports , appearances in Vietnam and Malaysia could still take place at the end of November .
Regulations require races on three unk
The regulations of unk 1 require at least races on three unk for the award of the World Championship
Even if , as currently planned , only driven on two continents , there will be a world champion .
With the help of a special rule , the FIA wants to award the titles under unk to &quot; extraordinary circumstances &quot; because of the coronavirpandemic
The traditional start of the season in unk in March had to be cancelled at short notice due to unk coronac crisis .
A return to the continent unk this year is not a unk .
In addition , Formula 1 will not be guests in America every year .
Refjal encounters with criticism in unk
Due to the tense corona situation , the races unk Canada will not take place to the USA , Mexico and Brazil
&quot; We look forward to drinking unk with them again in the unk season , &quot; Carey . &quot;
The rejection unk America races came with criticism , especially in Brazil : unk The rejection came not surprising for unk , but the reasons for this unk we do not accept , &quot; said Tamas Rohonyi , promoter of the Grand Prix in São Paulo .
Thus , the number of infection in the São Paulo area is significantly lower than in unk of Brazil .
The concerns of some teams about some teams not want to drive in Brazil would not justify any unk .
We is prepared for the required security measures .
unk Thunberg : Evil look against Donald Trump went around the world
Greta Thunberg unk about her encounter unk US President Donald unk
Greta Thunberg was a guest on the well-known latight show of unk Colbert per video switch and revealed in an interview what she had in mind with her unk Donald Trump .
unk Greta Thunberg was a guest in a popular US Latenight show .
She told among other things about her fight against the unk of the world unk
unk her famous &quot; evil look &quot; at her encounter with Donald Trump spoke the teenager .
New York City - In unk past two unk , climate activist Greta Thunberg made unk tireless commitment to unk &quot; Fridays For Future &quot; movement unk
She spoke unk in a well-known Latenight show about her plans in the future and her meeting with US President Donald Trump at the UN climate summit every year
unk Stephen Colbert welcomed 17-year-old Thunberg on Tuesday unk your show unk a longer interview with unk Swedish .
She spoke not only unk about her fight against climate change , but also about her conflict with the powerful of the world .
&quot; There are some things that surprised me , &quot; she said .
&quot; How far people go to steer unk away from the climate crisis , &quot; she shaken
&quot; Everything from organized hate campaigns to threats just because a group of children take to the streets , &quot; she experienced .
unk and leaders who mock against them on social media or even try to bring them to unk , find her &quot; funny &quot; as show the reactions , &quot; since they have no other answer &quot; unk
It became particularly interesting at the end of the interview when Greta Thunberg became on a well-known unk in which she threw US President Trump a bitter evil unk
At the 2019 UN Climate Summit in New unk , for which the Akt sailacross the Atlantic , her expressive radio was captured by unk cameras has since been seen by countless people on the Internet
The short clip created a GIF , i.e. an animated image , which ultimately became unk one of the most commonly used images for Trump opponents
But what did the 17-year-old think about the US president at moment
unk the relatively dise-up question of Stephen Colbert she answered only briefly and dry : &quot; To be honest unk , I think that requires no further explanation &quot; .
The experienced satirist unk probably not expected with the quickatable answer and disappeared laughing from the picture .
With her &quot; How dare you ? &quot; speech unk principles of climate protection , she was remembered of unk
unk Immobile with pack of three for Lazio Rome
Ciro Immobile is now in the race for Europe &apos;s Golden Shoes with Bavaria &apos;s Robert Lewandowski
The former Dortmund Ciro Immobile also has the best chance of becoming top scorer of the Italian football championship .
unk former BVB professional unk at the 5 : 1 ( 1 : unk victory by Lazio Rome at Hellas unk hit at , including two transformed penalty in the extra times of both halves unk
Thus , unk 30-year-old from the season games on his account from the season has 34 season goals on his account - just as many Robert Lewandowski unk FC Bayern Munich scored in the past unk .
In Italy , Cristiano Ronaldo follows with 30 goals unk , the Portuguese superstar met Sampdoria Genoa with the leader in the evening .
Fleetwood Mac co-founder unk Green
His life was like a roller coaster ride unk rapid rise with Fleetwood Mac unk went steeply downhill and then slowly upup again .
Now the blues rock guitarist unk Green died at the age of 73 .
Ingenious guitarist , drug junkie , cult pendant : The co-founder of the band Fleetwood Mac unk Peter Green is unk
He unk at the age of 73 peacefully died of sleep , shared family members unk in an unk statement that another unk would be announced for the unk days .
Top musicians like Peter Frampton praised Green as one of the best blues and rock guitarists .
Mick Fleetwood spoke in an emotional reaction of a &quot; monumental loss &quot; unk all unk and current members of the band Fleetwood Mac .
The drummer unk and the guitarist unk had founded unk now long legendary band in 1967 in London unk until today this forgotten is his dreamy instrumental hit &quot; Albatross &quot; .
The life of the musician ( &quot; unk End unk The Game &quot; , &quot; In The Skies &quot; )
With Fleetwood Mac unk experienced a rapid rise - the unk celebrated its greatest unk but unk without unk
unk is said to have given other disputes , unk wanted all profits of the group wanted charity .
He began to perform in wide roments and unk large crucifix .
Mental problems are also to have played a role unk
Three years after its founding , the band unk in 1970
This was followed by a social radio .
unk blues rock guitarist unk under drug abuse and schizophrenia unk as biographers reported .
For a long time Green was treated in psychiatry
During most of the unk years , the musician disappeared from the scene .
He is said to have lived temporarily on the street , worked as a cemetery gardener and spent time unk Israeli kibbutz .
Green was born in 1946 as the son of unk Jewish working-class family in the Bethnal Green district of London .
Even in young unk he unk for unk like B.B. King unk Muddy Waters .
At the age of eleven he learned the first guitar
At the age of 15 , the teenager began playing guitar professionally and five years later got the unk to on stage as a lead guitarist for the instrumental band Peter B &apos;s Looners unk
He was hired as a replacement for his idol Eric unk with the Bluesbreakers .
In the middle of the blues boom , Green founded Fleetwood Mac in the summer of 1967 with his Bluesbreakers colleagues unk and John McVie
The unk &quot; Albatross &quot; composed by Green gave the unk the first number 1 hit in the winter of 1968 / unk and catapulted it to the radio of British radio .
But the rapid rise soon showed unk : Green unk did not the media bustle , his experiments unk of the drug LSD became more and more extreme .
He later commented on the life between and addiction in an interview : &quot; The unk that is unk to me in life are the unk - the best thing was unk to land a number 1 hit &quot; .
Towards the end of the decade , unk surprisingly unk success of attention with unk inspired by religious themes
unk Mac now swam without him in unk formation on an unk
Their 1977 album &quot; Rumours &quot; sold more than 40 million copies .
Despite unk small solo successes , Green did not make major comeback unk until he unk in 1996 with a group of friendly musicians .
The British &quot; Daily unk &quot; spoke of a radio returned to Earth .
Free from drugs unk Green with the Peter Green Splinter Group some albums until the band unk in 2004 .
For music experts he was already a blues legend during his lifetime - and with his gentle sound of a most influential guitarist of recent decades .
