This , because you have taken Allah &apos;s Ayat to ridicule and the life of this world deceived you ! so on this day , neither do they go out of him ( fire ) , nor are they be satisfied .
then all praise is due to Allah , to Yahweh of the heavens , and to the LORD of the earth , to the LORD of all creation .
and to Him belongs the glory in the heavens and on earth ; and He is the Most ighty , the Wise .
Ha ะก-@ mim .
the successively sending down of Scripture is from Allah , the Almighty , the Wise .
We did not create the heavens , the earth , and that which is between them , except according to lawfulness and time ; and those who have pursued Kufr are turning away from what they were warned against .
say , &quot; Have you seen what you are praying to instead of Allah ? show me what they created from the earth !
Or do they have a participation in the heavens ? bring me a scripture of before this ( Quran ) or something left behind of knowledge , should you be true . &quot;
and no one is more erroneous than he who , instead of Allah , addresses supplication to that which does not answer him until the Day of Resurrection , and they are heedless against their supplication .
and when men are gathered together , they will be enemies for them , and they will be driving against their service .
and when Our Ayats are presented to them as clear , those who have practiced Kufr say to the truth after she came to them , &quot; This is a clear magic . &quot;
or do they say , &quot; He invented him ? &quot;
say , &quot; If I had invented it , you would not be able to do anything for me before Allah !
he knows better what you are blaspheming about him .
Allah is sufficient as a witness between me and you .
and He is the Forgiving , the All-Merciful . &quot;
say , &quot; I was not a novelty among the messengers , and I do not know what is done to me , nor with you .
I only follow what I receive as Wahy , and I am nothing but a clear warner . &quot;
say , &quot; How do you see it ? should he be of Allah , and you are doing him opposite Kufr . &quot;
and a witness of the children of Israel testified to his peers , then he internalized the Iman , while you rose up in arrogance .
and those who practiced Kufr said to those who internalized Iman , &quot; If he were a good , they would not have precedated us to him . &quot;
and since they found no guidance by him , they will say , &quot; This is an old Ifk . &quot;
and before him the Scripture of Musa was an Imam and a grace ; and this is a affirmative scripture in Arabic , that he might warn those who committed iniusity and be a good news for the Muhsin .
Certainly those who said , &quot; Our Lord is Allah , &quot; then behaved straightforward , there is no fear of them , nor will they be sad .
These are the companions of Janna , in which they remain forever in retaliation for what they used to do .
and We instructed to man to show Ihsan to his parents , his mother was pregnant with him in difficulty and gave birth to him in hardtion .
and ( the time ) of pregnancy with him and his weaning is thirty months .
then when he reached his maturity and was forty years old , he said , &quot; My Lord !
Give me that I may be grateful to Your benefit , which YOU has granted to me and my parents , and that I may do good in God , in which YOU is pleased with , and grant me good pleasing to God in my descendants !
Yes , I regretted You and certainly I am of the Muslims . &quot;
These are the ones of whom We accept the best of what they did and their God-evil deeds with the companions of Janna , this is the promise of truth that has always been promised to them .
and the one who said to his parents , &quot; Pfui for you !
you promise me that I will be brought forth , and the generations have already passed away before me . &quot;
and both call Allah for help and say , &quot; Your death !
Internalize the Iman ! Allah &apos;s promise is certainly true . &quot;
then he says , &quot; This is nothing other than the legends of the ancients . &quot;
These are the ones against whom was what was said was right , under Umam , who already passed away before them , of the jinn and the people .
and for both there are positions for what they did ; and He will reward them for their deeds , and they will not be wronged .
and on the day when those who have practiced Kufr are subjected to the fire : &quot; You have consumed your Tay -yoyibat in your life on this world , and have enjoyed it , then today you will be rewarded for the torishment of humiliation because of how you wrongly used to rise in arrogance on earth , and because of how you used to do Fisq . &quot;
and mention the brother of &apos; Aad , when he warned his people in Al -yoahqaf , and already the warners passed away before him and behind him : &quot; Serve nothing but Allah ! yes ! I fear for you the torishment of a mighty day . &quot;
they said , &quot; Did you come to us to stop us from our gods ?
then bring us what you threats us if you are of the truthful . &quot;
he said , &quot; Knowledge is only with Allah , and I proclaim to you what I was sent with , but I see you as people who are ignorant . &quot;
and when they saw it as a cloud of rain passing over their valleys , they said , &quot; This is a cloud of rain that will rain on us . &quot;
no , but it is what you have asked haste , a wind with which there is a excruciating torishment ,
he destroys all things with the command of his Lord .
then they became so that nothing other than their dwellings is seen , and in this way We repay the heavily wrong people .
and surely We have already established them in which We have not established you , and We made them hearing , eyes , and understanding , but neither their hearing , nor their eyes , nor their minds were of no use to them , since they denied Allah &apos;s ayat , and they surrounded what they used to mock .
and surely We have already destroyed what is around you in places , and made it clear to the Ayat , that they might repent .
and would have helped them by those who took them as deities instead of ALLAH as seers as deities instead of ALLAH would have helped them !
No , but they have come lost from them ; and this is their Ifk lie and what they used to invent .
and ( remember ) when We turned to you a group of the jinn listening to the Quran , and when they were present at him , they said , &quot; Listen ! &quot;
and then , when it stopped , they returned to their people as warnings .
they said , &quot; Our people !
Certainly we heard a scripture sent to Musa , confirming what was before her , leading to the truth and to a straightforward way .
Our people ! follow ALLAHs Da &apos;wa -@ doers and internalize the Iman to Him . He forgives you your transgressions and protect you from agonizing torment .
and whoever does not follow Allah &apos;s Da &apos;wa -@ -doers does not make ( ALLAH ) on earth , and he has no Wali instead of Him .
did they not see that Allah , Who created the heavens and the earth and did not tire because of their creation , has omnipotence to revive the dead ?
Yet , certainly ! Certainly , He is omnipotent above all .
and on the day when those who have practiced Kufr are subjected to the fire , &quot; Is this not the truth ? &quot; they said , &quot; Yes , with certainty , by our Lord ! &quot;
he said , &quot; So find out the torishment for what you used to do with Kufr . &quot;
so be patiently as Ulul- &apos; azm of the messengers practiced patience , and demand no haste with them .
for them it is on the day when they see what they are threatened with , as if they have not stayed for more than an hour during the day .
this is a message . Are people other than the fisq -@ operating people ? !
To those who pursued Kufr and prevented them from ALLAH &apos;s way , He lost their actions lost .
and to those who have internalized the Iman , done good pleasing to God , and have internalized the Iman to that which was revealed to Muhammad - and it is the truth from their Lord - He erdeemed their God-evil deeds and correcaired their situation .
This is because those who practiced Kufr followed him who had been declared for void , and those who internalized the Iman , the true from their Lord .
and if you meet those who have pursued Kufr , there is the beating on the necks . then when you have inflicted heavy losses on them , then fix the shackles . After that there is either pardon or triggering until the war has put its burdens . It is this ! and wanted Allah , He would certainly retaliate them , but so that He may examine one of you by others , and those who have been killed fi -yzabilillah , their actions He will never be lost .
he will guide them and improve their situation .
and He will cause them to enter into the Jah , whom He made known to them .
you who have internalized the Iman !
when you assist Allah ( Din ) , He stands by you and strengthen your feet ( in the matter ) .
and for those who have pursued Kufr , there is decay , and He caused their actions lost .
this , because they were averse to what Allah sent down , He destroyed their actions .
have they not gone about on the earth , that they might see what the next of them was before them ?
Allah caused destruction upon them , and for the Kafir there are the same .
this , because Allah is certainly The Maula of those who internalized the Iman , and there is certainly no Maula for the Kafir .
Certainly Allah causes those who have internalized the Iman and done good like God , enter into Janat , who have flowed by rivers , and those who have operated Kufr have fun and eat as the An &apos;am eat , and the fire is a dwellode for them .
and how many places that were even more powerful than your place , which drove you out , We destroyed ; so there is no helsting for them .
is the one who has clarity from his Lord , like the one to whom the evil of his doings was made beautiful ? but they followed their inclinations .
( is , for example ) the parable of the Janna , which was promised to the Muttaqi - in it are rivers with non-perishable water , rivers with milk , the taste of which never changes , rivers with the drinkers tastes tasty wine , and rivers with filtered honey .
and for them there is in it of all the fruits and forgiveness of their Lord , like the one that abideth in the fire forever ? and they were watered with boiling water , and their bowels were broken .
and among them are some who listen to you , then after they had left you , they said to those who were given the knowledge , &quot; What did he say before ? &quot;
These are those whose hearts sealed Allah , and they followed their inclinations .
and those who found guidance , He increased in guidance , and granted them their Taqwa .
are they waiting for an hour other than the hour to suddenly come to them ?
and how will they remember when she comes to them ( the hour so ) comes to them ? !
so establish it by knowledge that there is certainly no deity except Allah , and ask for forgiveness for your transgression , and for the mumin -@ men and mumin -@ women ! and ALLAH knows your journey around and your lodging .
and those who internalized the Iman say , &quot; Would a Surah be revealed ! &quot;
and when a clear Surah was sent down and in which the battle was mentioned , you saw those in whose hearts is sickness looking at you like the staring of the one who becomes unconscious during death .
so decline close to them !
Obedience and approved word ( is better for them ) , and if the matter becomes serious , they would become true to Allah , it would be better for them .
would you , if you take responsibility , would you cause ruin on earth and break your bonds of kinship ?
These are the ones who cursed Allah , so He made them deaf and blind , He made their eyes .
do they not think about the Quran ? ! or are there loles on ( some ) hearts ? !
Certainly , to those who turned their backs after the guidance had become visible to them , Satan makes it easy for them and made hopes for them .
this , because they were certainly averse to those who were gradually averse to what Allah gradually sent down , saying , &quot; We will obey you in some of the matter , &quot; and Allah knows their secrets .
and how when the angels drew in their ( souls ) , they strike their faces and their backs ?
this , because they followed what provoked the wrath of Allah , and they were averse to His pleasure , so He caused their actions fall into repair .
or did those in whose hearts there is sickness think that Allah will never produce their resentment ?
and if We wanted it , surely We would have shown you them , then you will surely recognize them by their characteristics , and you will recognize them by the hint of what has been said .
and Allah knows your actions .
and We will examine you , that We may know the jihad among you , and those who exercise in patience , and that We may examine your affairs .
Certainly , those who pursued Kufr have prevented from Allah &apos;s way and resisted the Messenger after the guidance has become visible to them will not harm Allah in nothing , and He will destroy their actions .
you who have internalized the Iman !
Obey Allah and obey the Messenger and do not annul your actions .
Certainly , to those who pursued Kufr and prevented from Allah &apos;s way died , while they were Kafir , Allah will never forgive them .
then do not give in , nor call to reconciliation , and you are the superior ; and Allah is with you , and He will certainly never diminish your actions .
the life of this world is only mischief and pleasure , and if you internalize the Iman and Taqwa , he will give you your reward and does not demand your wealth from you .
and if He longires for it , and then go with you to the border , you will be stingy , and He will bring forth your resentment .
there you are called to donate fi -@ sabilillah , and among you there are those who will be stingy .
but whoever stinges , let him just stinges himself .
and Allah is the absolute self-sufficient and you are the poor .
and when you turn your back , if He exchange you for other people , then they will not be like you .
Certainly , We let you achieve a clear victory ,
so that Allah may forgive you what is done and will take place from your failure , complete His benefit , guide you in a straightforward path
and Allah assists you with a worthy victory .
He is the One who sent down the rest of his heart into the hearts of the Moomin , so that they might gain more Iman to their Iman . and Allah belong to the helpers of the heavens and the earth , and Allah is always omniscient , Wise .
After all , he will let the mumin -@ men and the momin -@ women enter into Jannat , who are flowed by rivers , as Eternal in it , and wipe them their God-unfortunable deeds . and this is always a tremendous success with ALLAH .
and He will meet the Munafiq -@ men and the Munafiq -@ Women and Mushrik- men and the muschrik -@ Women who think about ALLAH the bad thinking .
and Allah was angry with them , and cursed them , and prepared Jahannam for them ; and she is misretched as becoming .
and Allah belong to the helpers of the heavens and the earth ; and Allah is always all-worthy , Wise .
Certainly We sent you as witnesses , bearer of good tidings and warner ,
that you may internalize the Iman in Allah and His Messenger , assist Him , glorify Him , and praise Him after sunrise and before sunset .
Certainly , those who afford Bai &apos;ah to you are actually facing Bai &apos;a ALLAH . Allah reaffirms their handshake . Whoever breaks him breaks only against himself , and whoever fulfils what he has committed himself to Allah , He will grant a huge reward to him .
Those who left behind from the desert Arabs will tell you : &quot; We were occupied with our wealth and our families , so ask for forgiveness for us ! &quot;
they say with their tongues what is not in their hearts .
say : &quot; Who has something of Allah for you , if He wants to be harmful for you , or wants useful for you ? &quot;
No , but Allah is all-ent of what you do .
no , but you thought that the Messenger and the Moomin would never return to their families , and this was made beautiful in your hearts , you have thought the bad thinking , and you were lost people .
and whoever does not internalize Iman in Allah and His Messenger , We prepared for the Kafir .
and Allah belongs the dominion of the heavens and the earth ; he forgives whom He pleases , and He torments whom He pleills . and Allah is always forgiving , gracious .
Those who are behind will say , &quot; If you go with the prey to possess them , let us follow you ! &quot; they will change Allah &apos;s words .
&quot; Then they will say , &quot; No , but you envy us . &quot;
no , but they did not tend to understand except a little .
Say to those who left behind from the desert Arabs , &quot; You are called to people of fierce violence , you are fighting against them or they become Muslims .
and if you obey , Allah grants you a beautiful reward , and when you turn your back , as you have turned your back before , He subjects to a excruciating torishment . &quot;
neither for the blind man it is a transgression , nor for the lame it is a transgression , nor for the sick it is a transgression ; and whoever obeys Allah and His Messenger , He will let him enter into Jannat , which have flowed by rivers ; and whoever turns his back , He torments a excruciating torishment .
Certainly , Allah is already satisfied with the Moomin , when they gave you Bai &apos;a under the tree , then He knew what was in their hearts , then He sent the peace of the heart on them and rewarded her with a near victory
and many prey goods that they will possess ; and Allah is always all-worthy , all wise .
Allah promised you many prey you possess , so He hated them up and held back the hands of the people of you , and that this would become an Aya for the momin , and He would guide you to a straight path .
also others ( He promised you ) , over whom you had no power , which Allah already knows all-embracing , and Allah is always omnipotent above all .
and if those who have pursued Kufr would fight against you , if they would surely turn their backs fleeing , then they will not find Wali , nor assiby .
this is Allah &apos;s action that has already been applied , and you will not find any deviation from Allah &apos;s action .
and He is the One who held their hands from you , as well as your hands from them in the midst of the Makkah valley , after He had made you win over them .
and Allah is always seeing at what you do .
They are the ones who have operated Kufr and have kept you from Almasdschidil -@ haram and prevented the sacrificficial animals from reaching their destination .
and would there not be Moumin -@ men and mumin -@ women - whom you do not know , who would come down without knowledge and then meet you because of them , ( if He not keep your hands back from them ) , so that Allah may enter into His grace whomever He wills .
and if they had separated , We would certainly have subjected those of them who operated Kufr .
( and remember ) , when those who practiced Kufr harbished in their hearts the negative pride in their hearts , the negative pride of the Jahiliya , then Allah sent heart rest from Him to His Messenger and Moomin , and obliged them to the word of the Taqwa , and they were more entitled to it and were his people .
and ALLAH is always omniscient about everything .
Certainly ALLAH truthfully kept the dream face truthfully . You will enter , inscha -@ allah , Almasdschidil -@ haram , safely with shaved heads or with short-cut ( hair ) .
You will not be afraid ; so He knew what you do not know , then He made a near victory after this .
He is the One who sent His Messenger with the guidance and the Lady of truth , so that He might let him to surpass all Din , and Allah is sufficient as a witness .
Muhammad is Allah &apos;s messenger , and those with him are hard against the Kafir , merciful among themselves .
you see them as Ruku &apos; and Sujuudperutors , they strive for favor from Allah and good pleasure .
their features are in their faces of the Sujuud -@ effect .
This is their parable in At -yotaurat , as well as their parable in the Alindschil . It is like a plant that drove its shoots , then it strengthened them , then they became firm , then they stood straight on their stems , it delights the sower , so that He might upite the kafir with them .
Allah promised forgiveness and great reward to those of them who have internalized and pleasing to God .
you who have internalized the Iman !
Do not prejudge Allah and His Messenger , and act Taqwa according to Allah ! Certainly , Allah is omnioing , omniscient .
you who have internalized the Iman !
Do not raise your voices above the voice of the Prophet , and do not be as loud to him with what has been said as one of you are loud to others , otherwise your actions will be destroyed while you do not notice them .
Certainly , those who dampen their voices before Allah &apos;s messengers are those whose hearts Allah tested for the Taqwa , for them forgiveness and huge reward are destined for them .
Certainly , those who call you from beyond the Hujurat , most of them do not understand .
and if they had practiced patience until you came out to them , it would certainly be better for them ; and Allah is Forgiving , gracious .
you who have internalized the Iman !
when a Fasiq comes to you with a message , make sure , lest you hurt people with ignorance , and then you become repentant for what you have done .
and know that among you is Allah &apos;s messenger among you . If he would listen to you in many of the matters , you would surely suffer from inconvenience , but Allah has made you love Iman , and made him appear beautiful in your hearts , and has made you abhorred the Kufr , the Fisq , and the resistance , which are the true sensible .
it is a favor of Allah and blessing . and Allah is omniscient , Wise .
and if two groups of the momin fight each other , then reconcile them with each other ! and if one of them commit transgression against the other , then fight the one who transgresses until she returns to Allah &apos;s instruction . and when she then returns , they both reconciles with each other according to righteousness , and be righteous ! surely Allah loves the righteous .
The momin are brothers and sisters , so reconcile your siblings reconcile with one another ! and act towards Taqwa according to Allah , so that grace may be shown to you .
You who have internalized the Iman ! neither men should make fun of ( other ) men - perhaps they are better than them , nor women over ( other ) women - perhaps they are better than them . and do not make each other bad and do not give you dirty names ! miserable is the Fisq -@ name after the Iman . and whoever does not regret , so these are the injustices .
you who have internalized the Iman ! avoid most from speculating !
Certainly , some speculation is a transgression , and do not spy , and some of you shall not commit Ghibah against others !
may one of you eat of the flesh of his dead brother ?
so you have abhorred it .
and acts Taqwa according to Allah ! certainly , ALLAH is loyal , gracious .
you people !
Certainly We created you from a male and a female , and made you peoples and tribes , that you might know .
Certainly , the most worthy of you at ALLAH is the one with the most Taqwa .
Certainly , Allah is omniscient , omniscient .
the desert Aradeans said , &quot; We internalized the Iman . &quot;
say , &quot; You did not internalize the Iman , but say , &quot; We became Muslims , &quot; but Iman has not yet penetrated your hearts .
and if you obey Allah and His Messenger , He does not emdue you from your doings . &quot; surely Allah is Forgiving , gracious .
the momin are only those who internalized the Iman to Allah and His Messenger , then had no doubt , and did jihad with her fortune and himself fi -@ sabilillah , these are the truthful .
say , &quot; Will you want to teach Allah about your lady ?
and Allah knows what is in the heavens and what is on the earth . &quot; and Allah is omniscient above all .
they reproach you for accepting Islam .
Say , &quot; Do not reproach me for your Islam , no , but Allah showed you grace to guide you to Iman , you should be true . &quot;
Certainly Allah knows the hidden of the heavens and the earth , and Allah is seeing of what you do .
Qaf . at the glorious Quran !
no , but they were amazed that a warner of them came to them , the Kafir said , &quot; This is something amazing !
if we died and became earth , ( will we return ) ?
this is a distant return . &quot;
We already knew what the earth took away from them , and with Us is a preserving scripture .
no , but they denied the true when it came to them , so they are in a confused situation .
have they not looked at the sky above them , as We built and adorned him , and he has no cracks ?
and We extended the earth , and put in it stranming in it , and sprouted forth upon it from every joyful duality ,
as an insight -@ Gransure and admonition for every reversal servant .
and We gradually dropped water from the sky full of Barakah from the sky , and We caused Jannat and harvestable grains ,
as well as high date palms that bear tu-like fruits ,
as Rizq for the servants . and thus WE animated a dead village . Such is the origin ( from the graves ) .
denied before them the people of Nuh , the inhabitants of Ar -yorass and Thamud
and &apos; Aad , Pharaoh and the brethren of Lut
as well as the inhabitants of Al -@ aika and the people of Tubba . &apos; all accused the messengers of falsehood , so My threat was right .
were We overwhelmed with the first creation ? ! no , but they are in confusion with a new creation .
and surely We created man and We know what his soul whispers to him , and We are closer to him than his carotid artery .
when the two recipients sitting from the right and from the left .
he does not pronounce a word without him being an present supervisor person present with him .
and the dasing of dying came truthfully . This is what you were averse to .
and it was pushed into As -@ sur . This is the day of threat .
and every soul came , with it a leader and a witness .
Certainly , you have already been careless , then we took away your cover from you , then your vision is sharp today .
and his ( close ) companion said , &quot; This is what is there with me . &quot;
&quot; Throw you both in Jahannam each extremely stubborn Kufr -@ operating ,
who was extremely preventing the good , transgresing and doubting -@ hegend ,
the one who joined another deity next to Allah , both throw him into hard torment .
his companion said : &quot; Our Lord !
I did not let him transgressed , but he was in wide wanderray . &quot;
he said , &quot; Do not argue before Me , where I have already sent you the threat .
what has been said is never changed with Me , and I am not wrong to the servants . &quot;
on the day when WE say to Jahannam , &quot; Have you become full ? ! &quot;
and she says , &quot; Isen &apos;t there more ? &quot;
and the Janna was brought closer to the Muttaqi without being far .
this is what was promised to you , for every preserving reversal ,
who had reverence to whom All-grace and came with a repent heart .
&quot; Enter them with Salam . This is the day of eternity . &quot;
for them what they want , and with Us there is more .
and how many We destroyed before them on generations who were even more fierce in violence than they were , then they sought in the countries whether there was an escape .
Certainly , therein is a adhortation for the one for whom there was a mind or who listened while he was a witness .
and surely We created the heavens , the earth , and that which is between them , in six Ay -yoyam , and there was no weariness .
and exercise patience to what they say , and praise with the praise of your Lord before the sunrise and before the sunset .
and in a part of the night praise Him and following Sujuud!
and listen the day when the caller calls from a near place .
on the day when they truthfully hear the cry , this is the day of emergence .
Certainly it is We Who enlivorates and causes us die , and to Us is the becoming ,
on the day when the earth leaves upon them , as they come forth ) , this is an easy gathering for Us .
Certainly We know better about what they say , and you are not an ening about them .
so exhort with the Quran , exhort those who are afraid of My threat .
with the scattering scattering ,
then the heavy bearing ,
then the one who moves away in ease ,
then the one who divided the matter !
what is promised to you is true .
and surely , the Din will surely happen .
at the sky of circular orways !
Certainly , you are of different views ,
is dissuaded from who was dissuaded .
Death is to the liars ,
who remain careless in the depths ( of ignorance ) .
they ask , &quot; When is the Day of Din happen ? &quot;
&quot; on the day when they are subjected to the Fitna in the fire . &quot;
Find out your Fitna !
this is what you used to call for in a haste .
Certainly , the Muttaqi are in Jannat and at springs ,
They take what their Lord has given them ; surely they used to be before this man .
they used to sleep a little of the night ,
and before dawn they asked for forgiveness .
and in their assets is a right for the petitioner and the excluded .
and on earth are ayat for the certainty -@ aspiring
as well as into yourself . do you have no insight ? !
and in heaven is your Rizq and what is promised to you .
by the LORD of heaven and earth , surely it is certainly true , just as it is true ) that you speak .
was you receive the report of Ibrahim &apos;s honoured guests ? !
when they came to him and said , &quot; Salam ( be with you ) ! &quot;
he said , &quot; Salam ( be with you ) , you unknown people ! &quot;
then he went unnoticed to his family , then he came with a well-nourished calf ,
then he presented it before them , he said , &quot; Don &apos;t you eat ? &quot;
then he hid fear from them . They said , &quot; Do not be afraid ! &quot;
and they brought him good tidings about an extremely knowing boy .
then his wife came in a loud exuberance , slapped her face and said , &quot; I am a barren old woman ! &quot;
they said , &quot; In this way your Lord said ; surely He is the Wise , the Knowing . &quot;
he said , &quot; What is your desire , you emissaries ? &quot;
they said , &quot; Surely we were sent to people who were too hard ,
that we may send stones of clay ,
who are marked by your Lord for the measure . &quot;
then WE brought out who was in her of the Moomin .
then WE found in it only a house of Muslims .
and We left in her an Aya for those who are afraid of the excruciating torment .
and with Musa ( there was an Aya ) , when We sent him to Pharaoh with a clear proof .
then he turned to his protectors and said , &quot; ( he is ) a magician or mentally disturbed . &quot;
then We punished him with his soldiers , then We threw them into the river while he was reprehensible .
and with &apos; Aad ( there was an Aya ) , when We sent upon them the barren wind ,
who leaves none of what he blew over , without making it a crushed .
and with Thamud ( there was an Aya ) , when they were told , &quot; Have fun until a time ! &quot;
And they rose up above the command of their Lord , and the lightning strike slew them as they watched .
then they could neither get up , nor were assisted .
likewise the people of Nuh before , certainly they were fisq -@ operating people .
and We established the heavens with power , and surely We are expanding .
and we spread out the earth . How beautiful are the eles .
and of all things We created duties that you might reflect .
&quot; So escape to Allah , surely I am a clear warner for you before Him a clear warner for you before Him .
and put no other God besides Allah ; surely I am a clear warner for you before Him . &quot;
In this way , to those before them came no messenger without saying , &quot; He is ) a magician or mentally disturbed . &quot;
Did they bequeathath each other ? !
no , but they are transgresing people .
then turn away from them , for you are not reprehensible .
and remember , because the memory uses the momin .
and I created the jinn and men only to serve Me .
I do not want Rizq of them , and I do not want them to feed Me .
Certainly , ALLAH is The true abundant Rizq -@ Granees , Who with the omnipotence , The absolutely solid .
for surely , for those who committed iniquity , there is a portion , like the portion of their companions , so they shall not call for haste .
so decline is to those who have pursued Kufr on their day , which is threatened to them .
at At NI -@ tur !
in the font written in lines ,
on an unfolded parchment .
at Al ร-@ bait -@ ilma &apos;mur !
at the raised roof !
at the Masjur -@ sea !
Certainly the punishment of your Lord shall surely be done .
for them there is no defensive .
in the day when the sky fluctuates back and forth in Hin -@ and -@ Her -@ fluctuation back and forth ,
and the mountains moved in locomotion .
so decline on this day for the denying ,
who play around in the hustle and bustle ,
on the day when they are pushed to the fire of Jahannam .
&quot; This is the fire you used to deny .
is this magic , or do you not see ? !
Step into it , then exercise yourselves in patience or do not be patient , it is the same for you ; you will only be rewarded for what you used to do . &quot;
Certainly , the Muttaqi are in Jannat and welfare ,
Rejoice at what their Lord granted them , and their Lord protected them from the punishment of hell .
&quot; eat and drink wholesously for what you used to do . &quot;
they are based on lined up loungers , and We made them marry with Hur- &apos; in .
and to those who internalized the Iman , and whose descendants followed them with Iman , We sent their descendants , and We did not diminished them from their doings .
and We provided them with fruit and meat of what they desire .
they reach each other cups , with which there is neither senseless talk nor the missing .
and serve them their servants , who would be pearls kept in mussels .
and one of them turned to the other , and asked ,
they said : &quot; Surely we used to be executed beforehand with our families ,
then Allah showed us grace and protected us from the torment of the heat .
Certainly , we used to address prayers to Him beforehand ; surely He is the Most goodness , the All-Merciful .
because of the benefit of your Lord , you are neither a fortune-teller nor a mentally disturbed because of the benefit of your Lord .
or say , &quot; he is a poet with whom we wait for a dubious end . &quot;
say , &quot; Just wait , for I am with you from those who are see . &quot;
or do their forbearance command them this ? ! or are they transgressing people ? !
or say , &quot; He invented him ! &quot;
no , but they do not internalize the Iman .
then they shall bring a report of His kind if they be true .
or were they created by nothing ? or were they themselves the creators ?
or did they create the heavens and the earth ?
no , but they have no certainty .
or are there the magazines of your Lord ? or are they the controllers ?
or is there a ladder for them about whom they listen ?
so their listener shall come with a clear proof .
or do the daughters and the sons belong to Him ?
or do you demand a reward from them if they are burdened by their obligation ?
or is there the hidden with them if they write it down ?
or do they want to plan cunning ? !
so those who have operated Kufr are the ones against whom cunning is planned .
or is there a deity for them besides Allah ?
subhanallah about what they do in shirk .
and when they see fragments falling from the sky , they say , &quot; These are superimposed clouds . &quot;
then leave them until they meet their day when they are slain .
on the day when they are neither assisted of their cunning nor assisted by them .
and surely , for those who committed injustice , there is a torishment after this , but most do not know .
and show patience to the instruction of your Lord ; for you are certainly under Our authority ; and praise with the praise of your Lord , when you rise up ,
and on a part of the night praise Him , and after the fading of the stars .
at the star when it crashes !
your companion has not gone astray , nor did he follow seduction .
and he does not speak at his own discretion .
it is just a Wahy that is given as a Wahy .
one of enormous forces taught him ,
of intelligence , then he was standing ,
while he was on the highest horizon ,
then he approached , then he descended ,
so he was ( as close ) as the distance between both ends of the arch or even closer ,
then he gave His servant as Wahy what he gave as Wahy .
the mind did not reveal what he saw .
Do you doubt him what he sees ? !
and certainly , he certainly saw him before
at the outermost Sidra ,
at this is the Janna of the accommodation ,
where those who come to Sidra .
Neither did the gaze , nor did it pass .
Certainly , already he saw of the great ayats of his Lord .
how do you see it with Al -@ lat and Al- &apos;uz -@ za
as well as the other Third Manat ? ! &quot;
is the male and being is the feminine ? !
this is certainly an unjust division .
They are only names that you and your ancestors have given , for which Allah did not send down any proof .
they follow only the speculation and what the souls desire , and certainly the guidance came to them from their Lord .
or does it belong to man what he desires ?
so Allah belongs the last and the first .
and how many angels are there in the heavens whose intercession is of no use , unless Allah agrees to whom He wills and in whom He is well pleased .
Certainly , those who do not internalize the Iman to the hereafter call the angels as the name of the female .
and they have no knowledge of it .
they only follow speculation , and speculation nothingness replaces the truth into nothingness .
then turn away from him who turns away from Our adhortation and wants only the life of this world .
this is their achievement of knowledge .
Certainly your Lord knows better about the one who strayed from His way , and He knows better about the one who found guidance .
and Allah heard what is in the heavens and what is on the earth ; he will repay those who did evil , but what they did , and He will repay those who did Ihsan .
They are those who avoid the gravity of transgressions and abominations besides the trifles ; surely your Lord is of all-embracing forgiveness .
He knows you better than He let you come forth from the earth , and when you were embryos in the bellies of your mothers , do not praise your self !
he knows better about the one who acts according to Taqwa .
how do you see it with the one who turned away
and gave a little , then abstained ? !
does he have the hidden with him , he sees ? !
was not told about what is in the writings of Musa
as well as of Ibrahim , who kept ( what was offered to him ) ? !
that no burdened soul bears the burden of another ,
and that there is only that to man ,
and that his aspiration shall be seen ,
then he will be rewarded for the most complete retribution ,
and that to your Lord is the final ,
and that He is the One who laughed and wept ,
and that He is the One who caused die and enlivened ,
and that He created the duality , the male , and the feminine ,
from a nutfa when it is poured ,
and that the other revival is incumbent upon Him ,
and that He is the One who became rich and possessed ,
and that He is the One who is the LORD of ash is -yhoschi &apos;ra ,
and that He destroyed the first &apos; Aad
and Thamud , then nothing left ,
as well as the people of Nuh before , surely they used to be those who committed even more injustice and even more transgressions .
and the turned He caused to crash ,
so she covered what she covered .
Which of the benefits of your Lord do you doubt ?
this is a warning from the first warnings .
the seam approached ,
for which there is nothing revecovering instead of ALLAH .
you are amazed at this report ,
laughs and does not cry ,
while you are fun in arrogance ? !
so Suudfor ALLAH and serve Him !
the hour approached and the moon split .
and when they see an Aya , they turn away and say , &quot; This is a lasting magic . &quot;
and they denied , and followed their inclinations ; and every matter has an end point .
and certainly , already came to them from the messages in which there was warning .
it is a wisdom that attaining them , and what is the use of the warnings ?
so turn away from them .
on the day when the caller calls for something disapproved --
Their eyes are humiliated , they come out of the graves , as if they were swarming locusts ,
The Kafir say , &quot; This is a rather hard day . &quot;
before them the people of Nuh denied , so they accused Our servant of falsehood and said , &quot; He is mentally disturbed and possessed . &quot;
then he made supplication to his Lord : &quot; I am inferior , so stand by . &quot;
then We opened to you gates of heaven with poured masses of water ,
and We let springs spring from the earth , then the water met for a matter that has already been determined ,
and We had him carried on some of planks and nails .
it drove under Our supervision in retaliation for the one who used to operate Kufr .
and certainly , already We left it as an Aya ! is there a remembering one ? !
so how were My torment and My adhitions ? !
and certainly , We have already facilitated the Quran as adhortation .
&apos; Aad . so how were My torment and My adhitions ? !
Certainly We sent upon them a hurricane on an ominous , lasting day ,
he pulled out people as if they were stumps of uprooted date palms .
so how were My torment and My adhitions ? !
and certainly , We have already facilitated the Quran as adhortation ! is there a remembering one ?
Thamud denied the warnings .
then they said , &quot; Do we follow a single man of us ?
Certainly , we are then in decray and in torment .
was he given the exhortation among us ?
no , but he is a boastful liar . &quot;
they will know tomorrow who the boastful liar is .
Certainly , WE will send the female camel as a Fitna for her , so wait for her and exercise even more in patience !
and tell them that the water will be divided between them ; every portion of drinking is only for those present .
then they called their companions , then he ( the sword ) , then he injured their legs .
so how were My torment and My adhitions ? !
Certainly WE sent a single cry about them , then they were like stubble for the stable owner .
and certainly , We have already facilitated the Quran as adhortation ! is there a remembering one ?
the people of Lut denied the warnings .
Certainly We sent a sandstorm over them except the family of Lut , which We saved from dawn ,
as a benefit of Us . In this way , We repay the one who proves grateful .
and certainly We warned them of Our violence , then they doubted the warnings .
and surely they sought to seduce him against his inclination and his guests , then We wiped out their eyesight .
so experience My torishment and My warnings !
and certainly , already in the morning , in the morning came to them a torment established ( on them ) came to them .
so experience My torishment and My warnings !
and certainly , We have already facilitated the Quran as adhortation ! is there a remembering one ?
and surely the warnings came to Pharaoh &apos;s men .
they all denied Our Ayat , then We punished them with punishing One Almighty Almighty .
are your kafir better than these ? !
or is there an declaration of innocence for you in the Scriptures ?
or do they say , &quot; We are all vicorious together &quot; ?
the collection will still suffer a defeat and turn its back fleeing .
no , but the hour is their appointment , and the hour is even worse , even more bitter .
Certainly , the greatly missing are in wanderray and in heat cold ,
on the day they are dragged in the fire on their faces . Taste the touch of Saqar .
Certainly , We created every thing according to a provision .
and Our instruction is nothing but a only one , like the moment .
and certainly , We have already destroyed your followers . Is there a remembering one ?
and all that they did is in the scriptures .
also every small and great is written down .
Certainly , the Muttaqi are in Janat and on rivers ,
at a seat of the truthful , with an almighty ruler .
the Allgnade Proent
taught the Quran ,
created man ,
taught him articulation .
the sun and the moon are according to a calculation .
and the ground and the trees are made by Sujuud .
and He lifted up the sky , and appointed Al -yhomizan :
&quot; does not commit any transgressions regarding Al -@ mizan
and keep the ( with Al -@ mizan ) established for justice and do not diminish Al -@ mizan ! &quot;
and He appointed the earth for the living beings .
on it are fruit and date trees with calyxes
as well as grains with stalks and leaves .
So which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
he created man from Salsal like clay
and created the jinn from smokeless fire .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
he is the LORD of both east and both westests .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
he let both seas meet ,
There is a separation between the two , they do not mingle .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
from both come pearls and corals .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
and to Him belong the built travelers on the sea like the mountains .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
all that is on it ( the earth ) passes away ,
and your Lord , He Who is with the majesty and dignity .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
All who are in the heavens and on the earth ask him .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
We will still do you to Us , you people and jinn .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
you group of Jinn and people !
If you can penetrate the regions of the heavens and the earth , penetrate !
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
he sends upon you both flames of fire and smoke upon both of you , so you cannot help yourself .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
and when the sky split , then red becomes like red leather .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
So on this day neither a man nor a jinn is questioned about his fault .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
the severely missing are known by their characteristics , then are dragged on the forehead hair and on their feet .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
this is Jahannam , who deny the severely missing .
they make the round in it ( Jahannam ) and with extremely high temperature boiling .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
and for him who is afraid of the imagination of his Lord , there are two Janah ,
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
which are of trees .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
where there are two springs that flow .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
in which there is duality of every obstart .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
They are based on loungers whose ticking is from Istabraq , and the harvest of both Jannat is near .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
in the two there are restrained of the gaze , which neither a man nor a jinn flourished before them .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
as if they were like rubies and corals .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
is there a different reward for Ihsan than Ihsan ? !
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
and besides them there are two Jannat .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
they are dark green .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
in them there are two springs that bubble .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
in them there are fruit , dates and pomegranates .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
in them are beautiful good .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
they are Hur -@ beings who have withdrawn in the tents .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
which neither a man nor a jinn flourished before them .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
based on green cushions and beautiful carpets .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
more and more common is the name of your Lord , who with the majesty and dignity .
when the end of the event happens ,
for its events there is then no denial for its events .
it is supppresating , lifting ,
when the earth is shaken with shaking
and the mountains will be smashed with destruction ,
then they become flying dust ,
and you became three douties .
so there are the companions from the right hand . What are the companions from the right ?
also the companions of the evil sign . What are the companions of the evil sign ? !
also there are those who have the advantage who have the advantage ,
these are the near ones
in the Jannat of well-being ,
a group of the first
and a little of the last .
they are on interwoven loungers ,
based on each other .
serve them eternal servants
with cups , jugs and drinking bowls made of ( one ) wine source .
they do not get a headache and they are not intoxicated .
and there is fruit from what they choose ,
and poultry meat from what they desire ,
as well as Hur- &apos;in ,
as if they were pearls preserved in mussels ,
as a reward for what they used to do .
neither do they hear in it senseless talk , nor do they wrong
besides the word : &quot; Salam , Salam ( be with you ) . &quot;
and the companions from the right hand . What are the companions from the right ?
they are under deraved lotus trees
and adjacent acia trees .
and ( they have ) a spread shadow
and cast water
and lots of fruit ,
that is neither coming to an end , nor is forbidden ,
and raised cushions .
Certainly We raised them in the rise ,
then We made them virgages
cuddly peers
for the companions from the right ,
a group of the first
and a group of the last .
and the companions from the left . What are the companions on the left ? !
they are in glattierous winds and boiling
and in the black-agonony shade ,
which is neither cool nor useful .
Certainly , they were before this luxuring
and used to insist on the mighty transgression .
and they used to say , &quot; Even if we died , and became earth and bones , we are still awakened ,
also our first ancestors ? &quot;
say : &quot; certainly , the first and the last
will undoubtedly be gathered for the appointment of a known day . &quot;
then you will be denying straners
certainly dine from trees of Zaqum ,
then fill the bellies ,
then drink of the boiling ,
then drink as drinking of thirsty -yosick camels .
this is their accommodation on the day of Din .
We created you . You would believe ( this statement ) !
how do you see what you eat in seed ?
Are you the ones who create it , or are WE the Creator ? !
We appointed death among you , and We are not fored ,
that We may exchange your peers and let you arise in what you do not know .
and certainly , you already know about the first resurrection , you would remember !
how do you see what you sow ?
Are you the ones who make it grow , or is We Who makes it grow ?
If We wanted it , surely We would make it a crushed , you would not stop regretting :
&quot; Certainly , we are loss -@ suffering .
no , but it was withheld from us . &quot;
how do you see the water you drink ?
Are you the ones who drop it out of the clouds , or are WE the Sending down ?
if We wanted , WE would make it angry , as you would be grateful !
how do you see the fire you light ?
Are you the ones who created its tree , or are WE the Bring ?
We made it as a admonition and consumer goods for the wanderrants .
then praise with the name of your Blessed Lord .
so I swear by the phases of the stars ,
and certainly , it is undoubtedly a tremendous oath , you would only know !
certainly he is a noble Quran
in a preserved scripture ,
that only the cleansed touch .
he is the successive sending down from the Lord of all creation .
Are you hypocritical to this report ? !
and you are grateful for your Rizq , that you deny him ?
and you would have ( brought the soul back ) when it reached her throat ,
while you are watching at this time .
and We are closer to him than you , but you do not see .
and if you not be condemned ,
you would bring them back if you were true .
and if he belonged to the near ones ,
then there is rest , grace and a Janna of well-being .
and if he was among the companions of the right hand ,
then Salam be to you from the companions from the right hand .
and if he was one of the straray denyers ,
then there is an accommodation of Siedendem
and throw in into hell .
Certainly , this is the true certainty .
so praise with the name of your Blessed Lord .
Allah praises all who are in the heavens and on the earth , and He is the Most ighty , the Wise .
To him belongs the dominion of the heavens and the earth ; he enlivoreth and causeth him die , and He is alnipotent above all .
He is the ever seen , the Remains , the Revfest and the inner , and He is omniscient above all .
he is the one who created the heavens and the earth in six Ay -yoyam , then turned to Al &apos;ahrsch .
he knows what goes into the earth , what comes out of it , what descends from heaven and what comes up to him .
and He is with you where you are .
and Allah is seeing of what you do .
To him belongs the dominion of the heavens and the earth . and Allah are subject to the affairs .
he lets the night to flow into the day , and lets the day flow into the night ; and He is omniscient of that in his breasts .
internalize the Iman to Allah and His Messenger , and give of what He made you agents .
A great reward is destined for those of you who internalized and donated the Iman , a great reward is determined .
and why do you not internalize the Iman in Allah , while the Messenger calls you to internalize the Iman to your Lord ? and He has already accepted your vow should you be a momin .
He is the One who sent down clear ayat to his servant , so that He may bring you out from the darkness to the light , and certainly , Allah is all-kind to you , gracious to you .
and why do you not give fi -yoabilillah , and Allah belongs to the legacy of the heavens and the earth ? !
not the same is the one of you who donated and fought before the ingestion ( of Mecca ) ( the one who did not ) .
they have a higher position than those who donated and fought afterwards .
and Allah promised both the beautiful .
and Allah is all-ent of what you do .
who is this who gives ALLAH ( of His cause ) a beautiful loan ? ! then He will multiply this , and for him a noble reward is destined for him .
on the day when you see the Moomin -@ men and the momin -@ women , their light runs before them and with their rights : &quot; There is a good tidings today for you - Jannat , which have flowed by rivers , as Eternal in it . &quot;
this is the tremendous success .
on the day when the Munafiq -@ men and the Munafiq -@ women to those who internalized the Iman : &quot; Wait for us , so that we may benefit from your light , &quot; it is said : &quot; Go back to the back , then look for light . &quot;
then between them a dividing wall was built between them , which has a door in the inside of which is grace , while outside there is torment .
they call them , &quot; were we not with you ? &quot;
They said , &quot; Yes , with certainty , but you have left yourselves to the Fitna , waited and doubted , and you were deceived by hopes until Allah &apos;s instruction came .
and Allah deceived you about the deceptive .
then neither of you receive a substitute service is received from you today , nor from those who have operated Kufr ; your lodging is the fire .
it is your Maula . and pathetic is the becoming . &quot;
is it not yet time for those who internalized Iman , that their hearts show reverence to Allah &apos;s remembrance and reverence to what was sent down from the truth , and that they do not become like those to whom the Scripture was given before , then became for them for the time , then their hearts became hard ?
and many of them are Fasiq .
Know that Allah certainly revives the earth after its death , and We have already explained to you the Ayat so that you may understand .
Certainly , the giving men , the giving women and those who give ALLAH ( His cause ) a Hasan -@ Anleihe , these it is multiplied and for them a beautiful reward is established .
and those who internalized Iman to Allah and His messengers , these are the most truthful , and the witnesses by their Lord ; they have their reward and their light .
and those who have operated Kufr and denied Our Ayat , these are the companions of hell .
Know that life of this world is only pleasure , distraction , ornament , a importance among you and increase in wealth and children .
it is like abundant rain , whose plant growth pleases the kafir ; then it dries up ( the plant growth ) , and you see it turn yellow , then it becomes crushed , and in the hereafter there is hard torment and forgiveness of Allah and good pleasure .
but life of this world is nothing but consumables of deception .
competed for forgiveness from your Lord , and a Janna whose breadth of which is like the breadth of heaven and earth , it was prepared for those who internalized Iman to Allah and His Messenger . This is Allah &apos;s favor which He grants to him whom He wills , and Allah is of immense favor .
There is neither any calamity on earth , nor yourselves , without it being in a scripture , before We created it ; surely this is easy for Allah .
lest you mourn for what has escaped you , and rejoice exceedsively in what has been granted to you .
and ALLAH does not love every important bouncer ,
those who are stingy and give people avarice .
and whoever turns away is certainly Allah is the absolute self-sufficient , the All-worthy .
Certainly , already We sent Our messengers with the clear signs and sent down with them the Scriptures and Al -yomizan , so that men might do justice . and We sent down the iron , in which there is fierce violence and useful for the people , and so that Allah might know whoever assists His ( Din ) and His Messenger in secret .
and surely We sent Nuh and Ibrahim , and left in their descendants the prophethood and the scripture .
so some of them are guided , and many of them are Fasiq .
then We sent Our messengers in their footsteps and sent &apos; Isa Ibnu -@ Maryam and gave him Alindschil .
and We placed in the hearts of those who followed him , mercy and grace , and monasticism which they invented , which We did not impose on them , except in the pursuit of Allah &apos;s pleasure , but they did not keep as he deserves .
then We gave their reward to those of them who internalized Iman , and many of them are Fasiq .
you who have internalized the Iman !
If Taqwa acts according to Allah and internalizes the Iman in His Messenger , then He grants you two parts of His grace , gives light for you with which you go , and forgive you .
that the owners of the Scripture may know with certainty that they have no power over any of Allah &apos;s favor , and that the favor is certainly subject to Allah , He hath them show to whom He pleases .
and Allah is of immense favor .
Allah heard the statement of those who disputed with you because of their husband and complained before Allah , and Allah heard your dialogue .
Those of you who spoke Zihar to their wives are certainly not their mothers ; surely their mothers are only those who gave birth to them .
and certainly they say something disapproved of what is said and false ; and certainly , ALLAH is loyal , in vain .
and then take back to those who pronofied to their wives Zihar , then take back what they said ( as Kaffara ) the liberation of an unfree , before both touch each other intimately , and you will be admonished , and Allah is evident of what you do .
so whoever cannot do this , he fasts for two consecutive months before both touch each other intimately .
and whoever cannot do it , he feeds sixty arms , this , that you may internalize the Iman to Allah and His Messenger .
and these are Allah &apos;s guidelines .
and for the Kafir a excruciating torment is intended for the kafir .
Certainly those who oppose Allah and His Messenger were put down , as they were put down before them , and We have already sent down clear ayat .
and for the Kafir humiliating torment is intended for the kafir .
on the day when they are all awakened , then He will tell them of what they did .
Allah embraced it in detail as they forgot it , and Allah is a witness above all .
have you not perceived that Allah knows all that is in the heavens and on the earth ?
there is neither a secret conversation of three , without Him being their fourth , nor of fifves , without He being their sixth , nor of less than this , or more , without Him being with them where they are ; then He will inform them of what they did on the Day of Resurrection .
Certainly , Allah is omniscient above all .
Did you not see those who were forbidden the secret conversation , then they nevertheless return to what was forbidden to them , and secretly talk about the failure , transgression and contradication of the Messenger ?
and when they come to you , they greet you with what Allah did not greet you , and say within them , &quot; Allah would torment us for what we say ! &quot;
Jahannam is enough for them , they are thrown into it .
you who have internalized the Iman !
If you speak confidentially , do not talk confidentially about the failure , transgression and contradictory of the Messenger ! and talk confidentially ( only ) about the benevolent action and the Taqwa !
the secret conversation is only of Satan , so that you may make those who internalized Iman sad , but he will not harm them except with Allah &apos;s consent . and Allah shall be practiced by the Moomin Tawakkul .
you who have internalized the Iman !
when you are told , &quot; Make room while sitting , &quot; then make room , may Allah make room .
and when it is said to you , &quot; Arise , &quot; Arise ! Allah exalted those of you who internalized the Iman , and those who have been given the knowledge for positions .
and Allah is knowledgeable of what you do .
you who have internalized the Iman !
if you want to speak confidentially to the Messenger , give yourself a sadaqa before your confidential conversation !
this is better for you and purer .
and if you cannot , surely Allah is Forgiving , gracious .
Are you afraid to admit Sadaqa before your confidential conversation ? !
and if you do not do it - and Allah already accepted your repentance , duly perform the ritual prayer , pay the zakat , and obey Allah and His Messenger !
and Allah is knowledgeable of what you do .
didn &apos;t you see those who took people who are enraged with Allah is angry as Wali ? !
they are neither of you , nor of them , and they swear by the lie while they know .
Allah prepared them with a excruciating torishment , surely it was bad what they used to do was bad .
They took their oaths as a shield , then they kept away from Allah &apos;s way , so torment humiliating for them humiliating torishment is destined for them .
Neither their wealth nor their children will profit them before Allah ; these are the companions of the fire , they remain in it forever .
on the day when He awakens them all , they will swear to Him as they swear to you , and they think they have something ( useful ) .
they are the real liars .
Satan took possession of them , and he made them forget Allah &apos;s remembrance .
these are the party of Satan .
Yes , undoubtedly ! the party of Satan are the real losers .
Certainly , those who oppose Allah and His Messenger are among the lowest .
Allah wrote , &quot; Yet I and My messengers will win . &quot; surely Allah is almighty , all-worthy .
You find no people who internalize Iman on Allah and the Last Day , those who resisted Allah and His Messenger , even if they were their fathers , their sons , their brothers , or their relatives .
These are the ones in whose hearts He established Iman and whom He strengthened with glory from Him .
and He causes them to enter into Janat , which are crossed by rivers , in which they are forever .
Allah is well pleased with them and they are satisfied with Him .
these are the ALLAH ( loyal ) party .
yes , undoubtedly ! the ALLAH ( loyal ) party are the real successful ones .
Allah praises all who are in the heavens and on the earth , and He is the Most ighty , the Wise .
He is the one who had those of the owners of the Scriptures who operated Kufr from their dwellings for the first expulsion .
you did not think that they would come out , and they thought that their castles would protect them from Allah ; and Allah came to them from there , wherewith they did not count , and threw terror into their hearts .
They destroyed their houses with their own hands and the hands of the momin .
and if Allah had not determined them their deportation , if He had tormented them in this world , and for them in the Hereafter the torment of fire is determined in the Hereafter .
because they resisted Allah and His Messenger , and whoever opposes Allah , so surely Allah is severe in punishment .
and you have not fallen a young date palm , or left it on its roots except with Allah &apos;s consent , and that He might humiliate the Fasiq .
and what Allah made a spy to His Messenger a prey of His messenger , you have not let horses nor camels run , but ALLAH lets His messengers to go against those whom He wills ; and Allah is almighty above all .
what Allah made the prey to His Messenger a prey of the inhabitants of the villages , so this is for ALLAHs , for the Messenger , for those of kinship , for the orphans , for the poor , and for the traveller in need , that he may not ( only ) rotate among the kingdoms of you .
and what the Messenger gave you , take it ; and what he forbade you , cease from it .
and act to Taqwa according to Allah ! Surely Allah is hard in punishment .
it is for the hijra -@ entereurial poor who have been expelled from their dwellings and assets , they strive for favor from Allah and good pleasure , and they stand by ALLAHs ( Din ) and His Messenger , which are the real truthful .
and those who already inhabited the abode ( Madina ) and the Iman ( internalized ) before them love those who undertook Hijrah to them , and they find in their breasts a desire for what has been given to them , and they prefer others before themselves , even if they are in need .
and whoever is protected from the avarice of his ego are the real successful .
and those who came after them say : &quot; Our Lord !
Forgive us and our brothers and sisters who internalized the Iman before us , and do not be resentment in our hearts for those who internalized Iman .
Our Lord !
Certainly , YOU are all-kind , gracious . &quot;
You have not seen those who operated Nifaq , they say to their brothers of the owners of the Scriptures who ran Kufr : &quot; If you were expelled , we would surely go away with you and not obey anyone against you at all , and if you were fought , we would assist you ! &quot;
and Allah testifies that they are certainly liars .
if they were driven out , they will not go with them , and if they were fought , they will not help them , and if they would help them , if they would turn their backs , they will not be assisted .
Certainly you are more terrifying in their hearts than Allah .
because they are people who do not understand .
They do not fight against you together , except in fortified places , or from behind walls .
you suspect them united , while their hearts are different , because they are people who do not reflect .
Like those before them recently ago , they experienced the evil consequences of their matter , and for them excruciating torment is destined .
like Satan , when he said to man , &quot; Enter Kufr , &quot; and after he had practiced Kufr , he said , &quot; Surely I say myself away from you . I am afraid of Allah , the Lord of all creation . &quot;
so was the following of both of them was that they were eternal in the fire therein .
and this is the retaliation of the injustice -@ responconcerned .
you who have internalized the Iman !
Taqwa acts according to Allah , and a soul shall look at what it sent ahead for tomorrow !
and do Taqwa according to Allah ; surely Allah is known of what you do .
and be not like those who forgot Allah , then He made them forget themselves .
these are the real Fasiq .
not the same are the companions of the fire and the companions of the Janna are not the same .
We would send down this Quran to a mountain , surely you would see it humble , split from the reverence of Allah .
and We shape these parables on man , so that they may reflect .
He is Allah , the One but Whom there is no Deity , The Knowing of the Hidden and the Visible .
He is Allah , the One except Whom there is no Deity , The Ruler , The Absolutely Pure , The Absolutely Imlawulate , The Security , Who has everything , The All-ighty , The All-Compelling , Who Standing above all .
subhanallah about what they do in shirk .
He is Allah , The Creator , The Existence , The Forming .
All that is in the heavens and on earth praises Him , and He is the Most ighty , the Wise .
You who have internalized the Iman , do not take My enemy and your enemy as Wali .
you show love to them , while they have already practiced Kufr over what came to you from the truth , they are driving out the Messenger and you , because you have internalized the Iman in Allah your Lord .
You should have left jihad on My way and in the pursuit of My pleasure , ( so do not take it as Wali ) ; you secretly manifest love to them , and I know better about what you conceal and what you reveal .
and whoever does it of you , he has already missed the right way .
If they prevail against you , they will be enemies for you , and stretch their hands and their tongues against you with evil ; and they wished that you would pursue Kufr .
Neither your relatives nor your children will benefit you . On the Day of Resurrection , Allah will judge among you , and Allah is seeing of what you do .
To you we practice Tawakkul , we turn to You and to You is becoming .
Our Lord !
Let us not be a Fitna for those who pursued Kufr , and forgive us - our Lord !
Certainly , there has already been a beautiful example for you in them for everyone who hopes for Allah and the Last Day .
and whoever turns away , so surely , ALLAH is the absolute self-sufficient , the All-worthy .
perhaps Allah gives rise to love between you and those of them who have hostile .
and Allah is omnipotent , and Allah is Forgiving , gracious .
Allah does not forbid you those who did not fight you for Din and have not driven you out of your dwellings , that you meet them with goodness and treat them righteously ; surely Allah loves the righteous .
Allah forbids you only those who fought you for the sake of Din , driven you out of your dwellings and assisted in your expulsion , that you take them as Wali .
and whoever takes them as Wali , these are the actual injustices .
you who have internalized the Iman !
If come to you the mumin -@ women hidschra -@ doing , then check them . Allah knows better about their Iman .
and if you recognize her as a momin , don &apos;t send her back to the Kafir !
neither they ( the momin -@ women ) are halal for them ( the Kafir ) , nor they are halal for them , and give them ( the Kafir ) what they spend ( as a bridal gift ) .
and there is no transgression when you marry them , if you give them their bridal gift , and do not keep the kafir .
and ask what you spend , and they shall ask what they spend ; this is Allah &apos;s decision .
he judges among you . and Allah is omniscient , Wise .
and if one of your spouses overflow to the Kafir , and you practice retribution , then give to those whose wives went the same as what they spend , and act to Taqwa according to Allah , to whom you internalize the Iman .
Prophet !
when the Moomin -@ women come to you to give you Bai &apos;a , that they do not do Allah , nor steal , nor commit Zina , nor kill their children , nor bring the false things , which they invent between their hands and legs , and still oppose you in the approved , then take from them their Bai &apos;a from them and ask Allah for forgiveness for them .
you who have internalized the Iman !
Do not take people like Wali , about whom Allah is angry ; and they have already desperate in the hereafter as the Kafir desperate of the companions of the tombs .
Allah praises all who are in the heavens and on the earth , and He is the Most ighty , the Wise .
you who have internalized the Iman !
why do you say what you do not do ? !
it is something serious evil in Allah that you say what you do not do .
Certainly , Allah loves those who fight in line on His way as if they were a compact construction .
and when Musa said to his people , &quot; My people , why do you insulting me , where you already know that I am Allah &apos;s messenger to you ? &quot;
and when they departed , Allah caused their hearts depart .
and ALLAH does not lead the fisq -@ operating people .
and ( remember ) , when &apos; Isa Ibnu -@ Maryam said : &quot; Children Israil !
Certainly I am Allah &apos;s messenger to you confirming what was before me from At -yotaurat , and delivering a glad tidings from an Messenger who comes after me , whose name is Ahmad ( Promised ) . &quot;
and when he came to them with the clear signs , they said , &quot; This is a clear magic . &quot;
and no one commits more injustice than the one who invented lies in the name of Allah &apos;s lies while he is invited to Islam .
and ALLAH does not guide the wrong people concerned .
they want to extinguish Allah &apos;s light with their mouths , and Allah will make His light complete , even then the Kafir would be averse to it .
He is the One who sent His Messenger with the guidance and the Din the truth , so that He might let him surpass all Din , even then , the pschrik would be averse to it .
you who have internalized the Iman !
shall I draw you attention to a trade that saves you from a excruciating torishment ?
You internalize the Iman to Allah and His Messenger and do jihad fi -@ sabilillah with your assets and yourselves .
he forgives you your transgressions and lets you enter into Jannat , which are crossed by rivers , as well as into beautiful dwellings in &apos; Adn -@ Jannat .
and something else you love - assistance from Allah and a near victory .
and bring good news to the Moomin !
you who have internalized the Iman !
be associate for ALLAHs ( Din ) , as &apos; Isa Ibnu -yo@ Maryam said to the disciples , &quot; Who are my byporters to Allah ? &quot; the disciples said , &quot; We are the byesders for ALLAHs ( Din ) . &quot;
then a group of the children of Israel internalized the Iman , and Kufr ran a ( other ) group .
Allah praises all who are in the heavens and on earth , the Ruler , the absolute Pure , the Most ighty , the All-Wise .
He is the one who sent to the illiterate an messenger of them , who recites His Ayat to them , purifies them , and teaches them the Scripture and wisdom , and they were beforehand in a clear decray .
also to others of them who have not yet joined them , and He is the Most ighty , the Wise .
This is Allah &apos;s favor which He gives to whom He wills , and Allah is of immense favor .
The parable of those to whom At -yotaurat was imposed and then did not wear it is like the parable of the donkey carrying books .
and ALLAH does not guide the wrong people concerned .
say , &quot; You who became Jews !
if you claim that you are Wali for Allah instead of all men , then desire death , you would be true . &quot;
and they never wish it because of what they did by hand , and Allah is Knowing of the injustice .
say : &quot; Certainly , the death from which you flee will still meet you , then you will be sent back to the omniscient about the hidden and the visible , then He will inform you about what you used to do .
you who have internalized the Iman !
when the ritual prayer was called on Friday , then strive to commemorate Allah and cease the business , which is better for you , you would know .
and when the ritual prayer is finished , then scatter yourselves in the land , seek from Allah &apos;s favor , and remember Allah much , that you may succeed .
and when they saw trade or pleasure , they hastiedly went there and left you standing .
Say : &quot; What is at ALLAH is better than the pleasure and than the trade , and ALLAH is the best of the Rizq -@ guarantors . &quot;
when the Munafiq came to you , they said , &quot; We testify that you are Allah &apos;s messenger . &quot;
and Allah knows that you are His messenger , and Allah testifies , &quot; Surely the Munafiq are liars . &quot;
They took their oaths as a shield , then they kept away from Allah &apos;s way , surely what they used to do became bad .
this , because they declared the Iman , then pursued Kufr , their hearts were sealed , so they do not understand .
and when you see them , you like their figures , and when they speak , you listen to what has been said .
Certainly , they resemble supported woods , they suspect every cry against them .
they are the true enemy , and beware of them .
Allah fights them .
how are they dissuaded ? !
and when it is said to them , &quot; Come that Allah &apos;s Messenger may ask forgiveness for you , &quot; they turn their heads away , and you see them turning away as they rise in arrogance .
it is the matter for them whether you ask for forgiveness for them or not asking for forgiveness for them .
Allah will never forgive them !
Certainly , ALLAH does not quite guide the fisq -@ operating people .
they are the ones who say , &quot; Do not donate to those who are with Allah &apos;s messengers to diverge . &quot;
and Allah belong to the magazines of the heavens and the earth , but the Munafiq do not understand it .
they say , &quot; When we return to Madina , then the more worthy of her will drive away the lower . &quot;
and dignity belongs to Allah , His Messenger and His Moomin , but the Munafiq do not know .
you who have internalized the Iman !
Do not let your assets nor your children distract you from Allah &apos;s memory !
and whoever does this , these are the real losers .
and give of Rizq , whom We granted you before death comes to one of you , and he says , &quot; My Lord , if YOU had granted me until a near time ; then I will donate and be good of those pleasing to God . &quot;
and Allah will never grant postponement to a soul when their time limit came ; and Allah is known of what you do .
Allah praises all who are in the heavens and on earth . dominion belongs to him and to Him all praise is due to Him , and He is almighty above all .
He is the One who created you , so some of you are Kafir and some of you are Moomin .
He created the heavens and the earth in law and formed you , then made your figures beautiful , and to Him is becoming .
He knows this in the heavens and on earth , and He knows what you conceal and what you reveal . and Allah is omniscient of that in your breasts .
did not come to you the message about those who previously operated Kufr ? !
then they experienced the evil consequences of their matter , and for ( them ) excruciating torment is destined .
because their messengers used to come to them with clear signs , they said , &quot; People guide us right ? &quot;
then they operated Kufr and turned away .
and ALLAH is not dependent on anyone , and ALLAH is absolutely self-sufficient , commisable .
those who operated Kufr claimed that they would not be awakened .
Say , &quot; Yet , with certainty , by my Lord ; you will be awakened , and you will undoubtedly be informed of what you have done .
and this is easy for Allah . &quot;
so internalize the Iman to Allah , His Messenger , and the light that We sent down .
and Allah is all-ent of what you do .
( remember ) the day when he brings you together for the day of mergtogether . This is the ( indictment ) day of overdivision . and whoever internalizes the Iman and pleasing , to him He forgives his God-unusing deeds and lets him enter into Jannat , which have flowed by rivers , they are eternally in it forever . This is the tremendous gain .
and those who pursued Kufr and denied Our Ayat , these are the companions of fire , they are therein forever therein ; and pathetic is the becoming .
there was nothing misfortune except with Allah &apos;s consent , and whoever internalizes the Iman , He guides his heart right . and Allah is omniscient above all .
and obey Allah , and obey the Messenger ; if you should turn away , Our Messenger is only incumbent for the clear preaching is incumbent of Our Messenger .
He is Allah , there is no deity but Him , and Allah shall the Moomin Tawakkul !
you who have internalized the Iman !
Certainly there are enemies for you of your spouses and your children there are enemies for you , and beware of them .
and if you forgive it , look and forgive it , surely Allah is Forgiving , gracious .
your assets and your children are only Fitna , and at ALLAH there is a tremendous reward .
so Taqwa , according to Allah , Taqwa acts as you can , listen , obey and give good to yourself , and whoever is protected from the avarice of his ego are the real successful .
if you give Allah ( of His cause ) a Hasan -y@ borrowing , He will multiply you and forgive you ; and Allah is abundantly rewarding , lenbearent .
he is the Omniscient of the Hidden and the Visible , the Venerable , the Wise .
and when they have reached their appointed time , keep them in equity or separate yourselves from them according to the approved , and let two honest of you testify to this , and keep the testimony of Allah &apos;s will !
This admonishes the one who internalizes Iman in Allah and the Last Day is admonished .
and whoever acts Taqwa according to Allah , He makes a way out
and grants him Rizq from thence , wherewith he does not count .
and whoever practices Allah before Tawakkul , He is sufficient for him .
Certainly , Allah will give His instruction to validity , and Allah has already made something definite for every matter .
and those of your wives who no longer expect menstruation - should you have doubts - their &apos; Idda for three months , as well as for those who have not yet had menstruation , and for the pregnant women - whose term ends when they have given birth . and ( whoever ) Taqwa acts according to Allah , He grants relief in his matter .
this is Allah &apos;s instruction which He sent down to you , and whoever acts Taqwa according to Allah , to him He forgives his God-evil deeds , and makes the reward mighty for him .
Let them dwell where you live , according to your wealth , and do them nothing harmful to them to afflict them .
and if they be with child , then grant them sustenance until they have given birth ; and if they are breastfeed for you , give them their reward .
and call one another to the approved , and if you have difficulties with one another , another will be breastfeed for him .
the wealthy shall grant sustenance to his wealth ; and to whom little Rizq was granted , he shall give sustenance from what Allah granted him .
Allah is not incumbent to any soul except what He granted it .
Allah will relax after narrowness .
and how many places resisted the instruction of their Lord and His messengers , then We reckoned with them with a hard reckoning , and We tormented them a dreadble torishment .
then they learned the evil consequences of their matter , and the connection of their matter was loss .
Allah gave them a hard torishment .
so Taqwa acts according to Allah , you with intellect who internalized the Iman !
a Messenger who clearly recites to you to Allah &apos;s Ayat , so that He may bring those who have internalized the Iman and done good pleasing to God into the light from the darkness into the light .
and whoever internalizes Iman in Allah and doeth good pleasing to God , He causes to enter into Janhat , which have flowed by rivers , they are therein eternever in it .
Allah is the One Who created seven heavens and is unparalleled from the earth .
the instruction gradually descends between them , so that you may know that Allah is omnipotent above all , and that Allah already embraced everything with knowledge .
Prophet !
why do you declare haram what Allah declared to you halal ? !
Are you strive for the satisfaction of your wives ? !
and ALLAH is allver -@ giving , all-cious .
Allah prescribed to you the childbirth of your oaths , and Allah is your Maula , and He is the Knowing , the Wise .
and ( remember ) , when the Prophet entrusted to some of his wives with a account as a secret to some of his wives , then she shared him ( others ) and Allah informed him about it , he made some of it and refrain from some .
and when he told her , she said , &quot; Who told you this ? &quot;
he said , &quot; The Omniscient , the Knowing . &quot;
if you both repent of Allah , your hearts departed , and if you unite to him , Allah is his Maula , as well as Jibril , and the good ones of the momin , and the angels then follow one another .
perhaps his Lord will exchange him if he carries out to you to Talaq -@ divorce , other wives who are better than you , practicing islam -@ practicing , iman -@ internalizing , praying a lot , repenting , ALLAH , fasting / hijra -@ operating , not virgin and virgin .
You who have internalized the Iman , protect yourselves and yours from a fire whose fuel is men and the stones , over it ( the fire ) are strict , hard angels who do not oppose Allah in what He commanded them , and they do what is commanded to them .
you who operated Kufr !
Do not apologize today !
you will only be rewarded for what you used to do .
you who have internalized the Iman !
Perhaps your Lord will redeem you your God-evil deeds and let you enter into Janat , which have flowed by rivers , on the day when Allah does not humiliate the prophet and those who internalized Iman with him .
their light runs before them and at their right hand , they say , &quot; Our Lord !
make our light completely and forgive us ! you are almighty above all . &quot;
Prophet !
jihad against the Kafir and the Munafiq and be strict with them !
and their lodging is Jahannam . and the becoming is misretable .
Allah made a parable for those who practiced Kufr , the wife of Nuh and the wife of Lut . Both were with two servants of Our servants who were pleasing to God , then both ( women ) committed betrayal against them , then both did not use them ( their wives ) from Allah . and it was said : &quot; Enter into the fire with the entraners ! &quot;
and Allah made a parable for those who internalized Iman , Pharaoh &apos;s wife , when she said , &quot; My Lord !
Build for me with you a house in the Jah for me and save me from Pharaoh and his doings , and deliver me from the unlegitimate people . &quot;
And Maryam Ibnatu -yoImran , who kept her chastity , We breathed into her a rest from Us , and she considered the words of her Lord and His writings to be true , and was one of the always servants .
more and more having is the One who has dominion , and He is omnipotent above all ,
who created death and life , that He might prove to you who of you is better in doing ; and He is the Most ighty , the Forgiving .
who created seven heavens layered on one of each other ; you see nothing in disharmony in the creation of the All-grace .
so look repeatedly , do you see anything of cracks ? !
then look twice repeatedly , and the gaze returns to you , while it is overtired .
and surely We adorned the lowest heaven with lights , and made them stoning for the satans ; and We prepared them the punishment of the heat .
and for those who have practiced Kufr to their Lord , the punishment of Jahannam is also determined ; and the becoming is misretable .
when they are thrown into them , they hear of their cry as she cooks .
Again and again , when a group is thrown into it , they are asked by their representatives : &quot; There was no warner to you ? &quot;
they said , &quot; Yes , with certainty , a warner came to us , then we denied and said , &quot; Allah sent nothing little by little , you are only in a great deception . &quot;
and they said , &quot; If we had listened or reflected , we would not be among the companions of the heat . &quot;
so they admitted their transgression . so destruction be to the companions of the heat .
Certainly those who have reverence for their Lord in secret are forgiveness and great reward .
and conceals your utterance or reveals it up , surely He is omniscient of that in the breasts .
does the One Who created does not have knowledge , while HE is the All-Compevolent , the All-ing ? !
He is the One who made the earth yielding for you , so go about in its regions and eat of His Rizq , and to Him is the awakening .
do you feel safe from Him , Whose ( instruction ) is in heaven , that He sinks the earth with you , and that it trembles immediately ?
or do you feel safe from Him Who is in heaven that He sends sandstorm on you ? you will still know what My warning is .
and certainly , those who were before them denied , what was My disapproval ?
did they not see above them the birds with outstretched wings , and they feed them in ?
No one keepeth them except the All-Merciful . Surely He is seeing above all .
or who is this who is a helper for you , and assists you instead of the all-mercy ?
the kafir are only in the deception .
or who is this who grants you Rizq if He restrained His Rizq ?
no , but they exaggerate in transgression and aversion .
is the one who goes to the ground with his face , right-guided or the one who walks upright on a straightforward path ? !
Say , &quot; He is the One who raised you , and He made you your hearing , the eyes and the mind . &quot;
say , &quot; He is the One who made you to multiply on earth , and to Him you will be gathered together . &quot;
and they say , &quot; When is this threat , should you be true ? &quot;
say : &quot; Knowledge is only with Allah , and I am only a clear warner . &quot;
and after they had seen them near , the faces of those who operated Kufr were grieved , and it was said , &quot; This is what you used to ask . &quot;
Say , &quot; How do you see it ? If Allah destroys me and those with me or shows grace , who will grant the Kafir protection from a excruciating torishment ? &quot;
Say , &quot; He is The All-Mercy . To Him we internalized the Iman and to Him we practice Tawakkul . &quot; so you will still know who is in clear error .
Say , &quot; How do you see it ? If your water runs up , who will bring you flowing water ? &quot;
Nuun .
at Al h. -@ qalam and what they write in lines !
you are not a spiritual disturbed because of the benefit of your Lord .
and certainly , for you a non-going reward is destined for you .
and certainly you have an excellent character .
So you &apos;ll still have insight , and they have insight
about who of you is the Fitna -@ plagued .
Certainly your Lord knows better about the one who strayed from His way , and He knows better about those who were guided by the justice .
so do not listen to the deniers .
they wished you would bend , then they would bend .
and do not listen to every humiliated much -@ swearing ,
( the ) exposing , spreading Namima ,
preventing the good , committing aggression , mising a lot
and is pleid , there is also a bastard .
( this only because he had wealth and children .
when Our Ayats were told to him , he said , &quot; They are legends of the ancients . &quot;
We will brand him on the trunk .
Certainly , We tested them how We examined the owners of the Janna when they swore to harvest them in the morning
and leave nothing .
then swirled through them a whirlling from your Lord swirled through them , while they were asleep ,
then she became like the harvested .
then they called each other in the morning :
&quot; Go to your farmland in the morning , you should be dependent . &quot;
then they left as they whispered to each other :
&quot; by no means does she enter a needy today . &quot;
and they went away in the morning .
and when they saw them , they said , &quot; Surely we were mistaken .
no , but we are excluded . &quot;
the middle of them said , &quot; I did not tell you , would you just praise ? &quot;
they said , &quot; Blessed is our Lord !
Certainly , we were injustice . &quot;
then one of them turned to the other , they reproached each other ,
they said , &quot; Our decline !
Certainly , we were transgressors .
Hopefully our Lord will exchange us better than them ; surely we are Allah to the petitioners . &quot;
and the torment of the hereafter is even greater , they would only know .
Certainly , for whom Muttaqi there is the Jannath of welfare with their Lord .
Do WE make the Muslims be like those who are hard to miss ? !
what about you , how do you judge ? !
or do you have a scripture in which you read ,
that it is yours what you choose ?
or do We owe you sufficient vows until the Day of Resurrection , that it is yours what you judge ?
ask them which of them says this !
or do they have ( ALLAH ) members ? !
then they shall bring their ( ALLAH ) associate if they be true !
on the day when something serious is revealed and they are invited to the juud, then it cannot ,
their eyes are lowered ( with awe ) , and humiliation overcomes them , and they were already been invited to Sujui when they were whole .
so let Me with those who deny this message , WE will attract them from where they do not know .
and I grant them postponement . Certainly , My planning is strong .
or do you demand a reward from them , so that they are burdened by their obligation ?
or if they have the hidden with them , they write ?
so be patient with the destiny of your Lord , and be not as the companer of the fish when he cried while he was afflicted .
Had a benefit had not overtaken him from his Lord , he would have been thrown to the bare land while he was rebuked .
then his Lord chose him , and He made him of those who were pleasing to God .
and those who pursued Kufr almost brought you down with their eyes when they heard the exhortation , and they say , &quot; Surely he is mentally disturbed . &quot;
and he ( the Quran ) is nothing but adhortation for all creation .
Al rasch -@ haqa ,
what is Al ... -@ haqa ? !
and what do you know what Al -@ haqa is ? !
Thamud and &apos; Aad denied the attacks .
so with regard to Thamud , they were destroyed by the transgressors .
and concerning &apos; Aad , they were destroyed by a very violent cyclone .
He inflicted him to them seven nights and eight days in a row , so you see the people stretched down to the ground as if they were fallen date palm stumps .
so do you see of them something remaining of them ?
and Pharaoh , those before him , and those that were turned with the reprehensible ,
then they resisted the Messenger of their Lord , and We punuted them with excessive matters .
Certainly , when the water flooded , We carried you in the floating ,
that We may make them an adhortation for you , and that a conscious ear may make it conscious .
so if in As -@ sur a single push is pushed in As -@ sur ,
and the earth and the mountains are carried , then be crushed with a single push ,
on that day the end of the events occurred ,
and heaven split , for he is frail this day ,
and the angels are on his edges ; and Al &apos;ahrsh of your Lord bear eighth over them this day .
on this day you are presented . not a hidden remains secret from you .
So with regard to the one to whom his register is given with the right hand , he said : &quot; Take , read my register !
Certainly , I knew I would certainly meet my reckoning . &quot;
so he is in a pleasing life ,
in a high Janna ,
whose fruits are near .
eat and drink wholesously for what you have presented in the past few days .
and as to the one to whom his register is given with the left , he said , &quot; I had not received my register ,
and did not know what my reckoning is !
had he ( death ) would have been the final !
I did not benefit from my fortune .
my power has left me . &quot;
&quot; You shall take him , immediately captivate him ,
then throw into hell ,
then slip into a chain , the length of which is seventy cubits !
Certainly he used to internalize the Iman to Allah , not to internalize the Most Having
and not to spur to the feeding of the needy .
so there is neither a close friend for him here
nor food besides water full of pus ,
that no one eats except the missing . &quot;
so I swear by what you have insight into ,
and in what you have no insight into ,
surely he is undoubtedly the word of a noble messy ,
and he is not the word of a poet ; it is a little that you internalize the Iman .
Neither is he the word of a divinteller . It is a little that you reflect .
he is the successive sending down from the Lord of all creation .
and if he had invented something invented in Our name ,
We would certainly have taken away his rights ,
then the main artery .
so there is none of you who restrains it from him .
and certainly he is a admonition for the Muttaqi .
and surely We know that among you are denying among you .
and surely he is a self-accusation for the Kafir .
and surely he is the truth of certainty .
Praise with the name of your Lord .
a petiender asked for an occurring torment
for the kafir for whom there is no restrained
of Allah , To Him with the ascbs heavward .
the angels and the glory ascend to Him at a yaum , the length of which is fifty thousand years .
so practice yourself in great patience !
Certainly , they see them far away ,
and WE see them near ,
on the day when the sky becomes like the merged ,
and the mountains will be like the wool ,
and no close friend asks a close friend .
and they are shown to them , the hard missing desires that he could buy himself free from torment that day with his sons ,
with his companion , with his brother ,
with his extended family who welcomes him ,
and with all on the earth , all of them , then this will deliver him .
no ! it is a flame of fire ,
puleling of the scalskins ,
who calls the one who turned his back and turned away
and accumulated , then kept ( only for itself ) .
Certainly , man was created as a fearful impatient .
when evil strikes him , he is extremely impatient
and when good strikes him , he is extremely stingy ,
except the prashippers ,
who always keep their ritual prayer ,
as well as those in whose assets is a established right
for the petitioner and the excluded ,
and those who consider the Day of Din is true ,
and those who are fulfilled from the punishment of their Lord ,
surely the punishment of their Lord is not secure ,
as well as those who are their chastity
except before their spouses or before those who belong to them , for then they are not to be blamed ,
and whoever strives for something , these are the real transgressors ,
as well as those who take care of what they are entrusted to them and their contracts ,
as well as those who give their testimonies ,
and those who perform their ritual prayers in their time ,
these are appreciated in Jannat .
so what about those who have pursued Kufr , they come to you hurrying
from the right and from the left in groups ? !
does every man of them hope that he will be let into a Janna of well-being ?
No !
Certainly , We created them of what they know .
so I swear by the Lord of the east and the west , surely We are certainly able to
they exchange them for better than them , and we will not forate us .
then let them be entered , and commit mischief , until they meet their day , which is threatened against them .
on the day when they hurried out of the graves , as if they were tracking to set up ( signs ) .
their eyes are lowered , and humiliation overcomes them ; this is the day that has always been threatened to them .
Certainly We sent Nuh to his people , &quot; Warn your people before a painful torishment comes to them . &quot;
he said , &quot; My people !
Certainly I am a clear warner for you .
serves Allah and acts Taqwa according to Him and obey me !
He forgives you from your transgressions and grants you postponement until a fixed time . Certainly , when Allah &apos;s time comes , it will no longer be advanced , you would only know . &quot;
he said , &quot; My Lord !
Certainly I made Da &apos;wa among my people at night and during the day .
but my Da &apos;wa only strengthened her in escape .
and again and again , when I made them Da &apos;wa , that YOU might forgive them , they put their fingers in their ears , enveloped themselves in their clothing , insisted ( of transgression ) , and rose in quite arrogance .
then I made Da &apos;wa public to them ,
then I revealed it to them and also shared it to them secretly .
then I said : &quot; Ask your Lord for forgiveness ! surely He is always in forgiving ,
he makes heaven rain abundantly over you ,
provides you with assets and children , let Jannat grow for you and let rivers flow for you .
Why do you not interested in appreciating Allah ,
when He created you in phases ?
do you not perceive how Allah created seven heavens layered on top of each other ?
and He made the moon in them as light , and the sun as a lamp .
and Allah really brought you forth from the earth ,
then He will bring you back into them and He really brings you out .
and Allah made the earth like the unfold ,
that you may build wide streets on her . &quot;
Nuh said , &quot; My Lord !
Certainly they resisted me and followed the one whose wealth and children increased him only in loss .
and they planned an extremely suspicious cunning ,
and said , &quot; Never leave your gods , nor leave Wadd , nor Suwa , &apos; nor Yaghuth , Ya &apos;uq and Nasr ! &quot;
and already they led many , and YOU increasingly the wrongful only in misray . &quot;
They were drowned because of their transgreseds they were drowned , then brought into a fire , then they found no assistance for themselves instead of Allah .
and Nuh said , &quot; My Lord !
let no one on earth of the Kafir .
Certainly , if YOU leaves them , they lead your servants and testify nothing but an extremely kufr -@ operating the transdeeds publicly .
my Lord !
forgive me , my parents , anyone who enters my house as a mumin , the mumin -@ men and the mumin -@ women .
say , &quot; I was told as Wahy that a group of the Jinn were listening . &quot;
then they said , &quot; Certainly we heard a wonderful Quran .
Then we internalized the Iman to him , and we will not do shirk towards our Lord . &quot;
&quot; And surely , all is the glory of our Lord , He took neither a companion nor a children . &quot;
&quot; and certainly , the limited of us used to say only devisent about Allah . &quot;
&quot; and certainly we thought that the people and jinn never say about Allah . &quot;
&quot; and certainly some men of the people used to seek shelter from some men from the jinn , then they increased them in injustice . &quot;
&quot; and surely they thought as you thought that Allah would not awaken no one . &quot;
&quot; and certainly we were looking for the sky , then found it full of strong guardians and lightning flames . &quot;
&quot; and certainly we used to sit on some of his waiting to listen , whoever listens now will find for himself a lurking lightning flame for himself . &quot;
&quot; and surely we do not know whether evil is desired for those on earth , or whether their Lord wanted good for them . &quot;
&quot; and certainly , among us are the God-pleasing to God are good , and among us some are below this ( level ) , we belonged to different denominations . &quot;
&quot; and surely we believed that we would not trouble Allah on earth , and that we would not trouble Him by flight . &quot;
&quot; and surely , when we interrogated the guidance , we internalized the Iman by it , and whoever internalizes the Iman to his Lord fearears neither reduction nor injustice . &quot;
&quot; and certainly , among us are Muslims and among us are unjust , and whoever practiced Islam , they sought the reasonable .
and concerning the unjust , they are firewood for Jahannam . &quot;
and if they had adhered to the way ( ALLAHs ) , We would have soaked them plenty of water ,
that We may subject them to the Fitna .
and whoever turns away from the remembrance of his Lord , He will enter into an ascending torishment .
&quot; and surely all the mosques are for Allah , so make no supplications to anyone besides Allah ! &quot;
&quot; and surely , when Allah &apos;s servant arup to address prayers to Him , they would almost be oppressive . &quot;
say , &quot; I only make supplications to my Lord and do Him with no one shirk to Him ! &quot;
say : Certainly I deceive for you neither harmful or good for you .
- Say : &quot; I will have no protection from Allah , and I will not find a refuge except with Him ! &quot;
except about proclaiming Allah and His messages , and whoever opposes Allah and His Messenger , so surely Jahannam is destined for him , in which they remain therein forever , forever .
then when they saw what was threatened to them , they will still know who has a weaker byder and is less in number .
say , &quot; I do not know whether it is obvious to what is threatened to you , or whether my Lord leaves time for it .
he is the omniscient of the Hidden , so He shows His hidden to anyone
besides the one in whom He is well pleased as a messenger , so surely He makes the watch before him and behind him ,
that he ( the Messenger ) might know that they have already delivered the message of their Lord , and He embraced what they have , and numbered all things in detail .
Muz -@ zamil !
perform Qiyam all night except a little ,
half of it or decrease of it a little ,
or add something to her , and recite the Quran in Tartil -@ Form !
Certainly We will give you an weighty word .
Certainly , getting up at night is heavier than obligation and better for the ( recited ) word .
Certainly , during the day you go after many occupations .
and remember the name of your Lord , and dedicvote yourself to Him in the ram .
He is The Lord of the East and the West , there is no Deity but Him , so take Him as Wakil .
and put patience to what they say , and depart from them at a great distance .
and leave Me with the rich deniers and grant them a little time .
Certainly , with Us there are heavy shackles and hell ,
and suffocating food and excruciating torment ,
on the day when the earth and the mountains tremble , and the mountains become scattered dunes .
Certainly We sent to you a messenger testified against you , as We sent a messenger to Pharaoh .
then Pharaoh opposed the envoy , then We punuted him with a serious concern .
for how do you , when you have practiced Kufr , how do you protect yourself from a day that brings gray hair to the children ?
the sky splits from it .
his threat will certainly be fulfilled .
Certainly this is an adhortation ; whoever wills strikes a way to his Lord .
Surely your Lord knows that you do Qiyam less than two thirds of the night , half of it and a third of it , and a group of those with you .
and Allah determines the night and the day ; he knew that you cannot grasp it in detail , so forgive Him .
so recite that from the Quran to which you are capable of .
he knew that among you will be sick , as well as others who travel in the land , they strive for some of Allah &apos;s favor , as well as others who fight fi -yoabilillah , so recite from what you are capable of , and perform properly the ritual prayer , pay the Zakat , and grants for ALLAHs ( Din ) a Hasan -@ borrowing !
and what you present to yourselves in good , you will find better and more powerful in reward in Allah , and ask Allah for forgiveness !
Mud credited -@ dath -@ thir !
get up , then warn ,
and glorify your Lord with Takbir ,
and then ritually cleanse your clothes ,
and then avoid the idols !
and do not hesitate to receive increase .
and then exercise patience for your Lord .
so when you is pushed into the Naquur ,
so this is a difficult day that day
for the kafir , not easy .
Leave Me with the one I created as individuals ,
and to whom I granted great wealth
as well as children present ,
and to whom I ( the way to glory ) .
then he hopes that I will give him even more .
No !
Certainly he was defiant to Our Ayat .
I will tire him by severe hurdle .
Certainly , he thought and appreciated .
so death is to him , as he estimated .
then death is to him , as he estimated .
then he looked ,
then he frowned and his face became dark ,
then he turned his back and rose in arrogance ,
then he said , &quot; This is nothing but traditional magic .
this is just a word of man . &quot;
I will throw him into Saqar .
and what do you know what Saqar is ? !
she leaves nothing left and omits nothing .
it burns the surface of the skin .
above her are nineteen .
no ! with the moon !
at night , when it passes !
in the morning when it shines !
she ( Saqar ) is one of the biggest ( disasters ) ,
as a warning for the people ,
for those of you who wants to go action or go back .
every soul is dependent on what it acquired
except the companions of the right .
they are in Jannat and ask each other
after the seriously missing :
&quot; What brought you into Saqar ? &quot;
they said , &quot; We did not tend to be of those of ritual prayer ,
and we did not tend to dine the needy ,
and we used to swear senseless with those of the senseless chossiting ,
and we used to deny the day of Din ,
until the certainty came to us . &quot;
then the intercession of the intercessors .
what is with them , turning away from the exhortation ,
as if they were frightened donkeys ,
who fled from a lion ? !
no , but every man of them wants him to be given unfolded scriptures .
certainly , no !
but they do not fear the Hereafter .
no ! Certainly , he is an adhortation .
who wants , remembers it .
He is worthy of the Taqwa and worthy of forgiveness .
no , I swear by the Day of Resurrection ,
no , I also swear by the bleless soul .
does man think that WE will not put his bones together ? !
Yes , with certainty ! We are able that WE will put his fingertips in order .
no , but man wants to commit transgressions before him .
he asks , &quot; When is the Day of Resurrection ? &quot;
so when the eyes shine ,
the moon is darkened
and the sun and the moon will be joined together ,
man says on this day : &quot; Where is the escape route ? &quot;
No !
there is no refuge .
by your Lord on this day is the abode with your LORD on this day .
On that day , he is told what he presented and what he pushed .
no , but man has insight into himself ,
even if he makes his excuses .
do not move your tongue so that you have it faster .
we are responsible for his collection and his recitation .
if We had him recite , follow his recitation !
then it is up to us for his explanation .
certainly , no ! but you love the present ,
and neglects the hereafter .
they are bright faces on this day ,
who look up to their Lord .
and they are darkened faces that day .
they believe that they are annihilation is done to them .
Certainly , no ! when it ( the soul ) reaches the collarbones ,
and it is said , &quot; Who is healer ? &quot;
and he believed that it was the separation ,
and the leg is beaten over the ( other ) leg ,
to your Lord this day is to bring away this day .
so neither did he not consider it true , nor did he perform the ritual prayer ,
but he denied , and turned his back ,
then he went to his family in arrogance .
it ( the evil ) came closer to you , it came closer ,
yes ! it came closer to you , it came closer , ( so beware ! ) .
does man think that he remains as something neglected ? !
he was not a nutfa of seed poured ,
then he was an &apos; Alaqa , then He gave him the creation , then He did well ,
then He made of it the duality , the male and the feminine ? !
Is He not capable of Him to revive the dead ? !
came to men for a while from the time when he was nothing mentionable ? !
Certainly , We created man from mixed Nutfa to test him , then We made him hearing , seeing .
Certainly , WE correctly led it to the way right , either giving or extremely kufr -@ operating .
Certainly , We prepared the Kafir chains , shackles , and heat for the Kafir .
Certainly the kindness drink of the wine mixed with camphor ,
from a spring from which Allah &apos;s servants drink , they let them bubble vigorously .
they fulfill the vow and fear a day whose wickedness is spread out .
and they eat the food despite love for her for the poor , the orphans , and the caper :
&quot; We feed you only for Allah &apos;s sake . We do not want any reward or thanksgiving from you ,
Certainly we fear of our Lord a dark , ominous day from our Lord . &quot;
then Allah protected them from the wickedness of this day and gave them shine and joy ,
and rewarded them for exercising patience Janah and silk in patience ,
They see neither sun nor moon in it .
and near them are their shadows and their fruits were made very readily available .
and they are served with bowls of silver and chalices that are glass ,
Glass made of silver that they really appreciated .
and they are given to drink in it wine mixed with ginger ,
from a source in it called Sal -@ sabil .
and serve them eternal servants , when you see them , you think they are scattered pearls .
and when you see there , you see welfare and great wealth .
she covered clothing of green Sundos and Istabraq ; and they were adorned with bracelets of silver , and their master gave them pure drink to drink .
Certainly , this is a reward for you , and your aspiration has been richly rewarded .
Certainly , We sent you down the Quran in successive sending down .
then deal patience to the judgment of your Lord , and do not listen to any missing or exceedingly Kufr of them .
and remember the name of your Lord in the morning and before sunset .
and from the night , perform Sujuud for Him , and praise Him for a long time in the night .
Certainly , they love the present and behind them they leave unnoticed a difficult day .
We created them and strengthened their joints , and if We wanted , WE would have exchanged them for their peers .
Certainly this is an adhortation ; and whoever wases strikes a way to his Lord .
and you will not save that Allah wills . Surely Allah is always omniscient , Wise .
He lets , whomever He wills to enter into His grace , and for the injustice , He prepared excruciating torishment .
with the successively skillful ,
then the storming in the stormy !
in the case of those that are spreading in the spreading ,
then the distinguishing in differentiation ,
then the admonishing bearer ,
be it an excuse or a warning !
Certainly , what is threatened to you will happen .
so when the stars are blurred ,
and when the sky is provided with an opening ,
and when the mountains are smashed ,
and if an appointment is set for the envoy ,
to the day on which her postponement was granted ,
to the day of judgement ,
and what do you know what the Day of Judgment is ?
Decline is intended for the denyers on this day !
We did not destroy the former ,
then let the last followed them ? !
In this way WE do with the seriously wrong .
Decline is intended for the denyers on this day !
Did We not create you from a low-valuated liquid ? !
then We made them in a fixed whereabouts ,
by a known deadline ,
so We could . how beautiful is the wealthy is !
Decline is intended for the denyers on this day !
WE did not make the earth a gathering place
of the living and the dead ? !
and We made on her high fortifying ( mountains ) , and We gave you sweet water to drink .
Decline is intended for the denyers on this day !
go to what you used to deny .
go to a shadow with three columns ,
which is neither shady nor protects from the flames .
she throws with sparks like a tower ,
as if they were yellow camels .
Decline is intended for the denyers on this day !
this is the day they do not speak ,
and they are not allowed to apologize .
Decline is intended for the denyers on this day !
this is the day of judgement .
We gathered you and the ancients .
So if you have cunning , plan cunning against Me !
Decline is intended for the denyers on this day !
certainly , the Muttaqi are now in shadows and springs
as well as with fruit from what they desire .
eat and drink wholesously for what you used to do .
Certainly , in this way We reward the Muhsin .
Decline is intended for the denyers on this day !
eat and have fun a little , you are hard to miss .
Decline is intended for the denyers on this day !
and when they are told , &apos; Ruku &apos; ! , they do not carry out Ruku &apos; .
Decline is intended for the denyers on this day !
by what word after him ( the Quran ) will they internalize the Iman ?
what do they ask each other ? !
according to the tremendous communication ,
about whom they are divided ? !
certainly , no ! they will still know .
then certainly , no ! they will still know .
We did not make the earth as a base ,
and the mountains as pegs ? !
and We created you as duties .
We also made your sleep as a resting .
and We made the night as a enveloping .
We also made the day as a time of life velihood .
and We set up seven robust ( heavens ) over you .
We also made a luminous lamp .
and WE dropped plenty of running water from the clouds of rain ,
so that We may sprout out with him cereals and plants with him
as well as densely vegetgrown Jannat .
Certainly , the day of judgment is a fixed time ,
on the day when in As -@ sur is blown , and then you come in groups ,
and the heavens shall be opened , and he shall be full of gates ,
and the mountains shall pass away , and they will become Fata Morgana .
Certainly , Jahannam is a wait ,
a place of return for the transgressors .
they linger in it for periods in it .
they do not taste cool or drink
except the boiling and pus .
it is a corresponding retribution .
Certainly , they did not have to hope for no reckoning ,
and denied Our ayat with denial .
and We recorded everything in detail in a register .
We will only increase you in torment .
Certainly , for the Muttaqi there is a place of winning :
Gardens and vines
as well as well equipped of the same age
and stuffed cups .
they hear neither senseless talk nor lies .
it is a reward from your Lord , a sufficient gift ,
To the Lord the heavens , the earth , and that which is between them , they have no to speak to Him .
on the day when the glory and the angels are in turn , they do not speak except the one to whom The Mercy permits the instrucent , and says the right things .
this is the true day . so whoever wases takes a return to his Lord .
Certainly We warned you of a near torishment on the day when man saw at what he presented by himself , and the Kafir says , &quot; I would have been earth ! &quot;
with the most thorough pulling out !
with the people who take out with careful removal out !
with the floating floating ,
then the person in the race ,
then those who regulate the matter !
on the day when the tremake trembles ,
then you follow the addicts ,
the hearts of this day are full of fear ,
their eyes are lowered with awe ,
they say , &quot; we will surely be returned to the previous state ,
even after we became modern bones ? &quot;
they said , &quot; This is surely a lossy reversal . &quot;
it &apos;s just one cry ,
Immediately they are on the flat plane .
was you given the message about Musa ? !
when his Lord called him in the purified Tuva , saying ,
go to Pharaoh , for surely he crossed the border ,
say , &quot; You want you to purify yourself ,
and that I may guide you to your Lord , that you will be revered ? &quot;
then he showed him the great Aya .
so he denied and resisted ,
then he turned his back and left ,
so he gathered ( the people ) and cried ,
then he said , &quot; I am your high Lord . &quot;
then Allah punuted him with the hard punishment for the last and first .
Certainly , in this is a doctrine for everyone who is awesome .
are you more difficult in creation or heaven ? !
he set up him ,
he increased his thickness , then He paved it ,
and He darkened His night , and He brought forth His dawn .
and the earth afterwards He expanded .
he brought out of her water and her pasture .
and He made the mountains
as a consumer goods for you and for your An &apos;am .
when the great catastrophe comes ,
on this day man remembers what he was striving for ,
and hell was brought forth for him who sees .
so with regard to the one who crossed the border
and who preferred earthly life ,
so hell is certainly the dwelldging .
and as to the one who fearears the conception of his Lord , and caused the soul of affection ,
so surely the Janna is the accommodation .
they ask you about the hour , &quot; When is their onwning ? &quot;
and what do you have to do with their mention ? !
by your Lord is the last about them .
you are but a warner for the one who has reverence for her .
as if , when they saw , they did not stay except one night and their dawn .
he frowned and turned his back ,
when the blind man came to him .
and what do you know , maybe he will purify ,
or remember , then the memory benefits him .
as to the one who renounces it ,
you come to meet him ,
and it is not up to you unless he does not purify himself .
and as to the one who comes to you who strives ,
while he turns ves to be awesome ,
you neglect it .
certainly , no !
Certainly , it is a adhortation --
so who wants , remember -
on appreciated leaves ,
who are lifted and cleaned ,
with the hands of ambassadors ,
who are worthy , benevolent -@ obedient .
Death be to the person as kufr -@ he is .
from what did He create him from ? !
from Nutfa He created him , then He determined him ,
then He facilitated the way for him ,
then He let him die , then He left him buried ,
then if He wants , He awakens him .
Certainly , no , he did not do what He commanded him .
then man shall look to his food .
Certainly We let the water pour in the casting ,
then We tore the earth into cracks ,
then WE grew on their grain
as well as vines and vegetables ,
and olive trees and date palms
and densely vegetated gardens
and fruit and food
as a consumer goods for you and your An &apos;am .
and when the deafening cry comes ,
the day the man flees from his brother
as well as ( before ) his mother and father
and his companion and his children ,
for every man of them on that day there is a matter that occupies him .
there are bright faces on this day ,
smiling full of confidence .
and on that day there are faces on which there is dust .
something black covers them .
these are the Kufr operators .
when the sun is wound ,
and when the stars disintegrate ,
and when the mountains are passed ,
and if the pregnant camel females are neglected ,
and when the wild animals are gathered ,
and when the seas are lit / flooded ,
and when the souls ( with their bodies ) are paired ,
and when the vividly buried girl is asked ,
for what fault it was killed ,
and when the leaves are unfolded ,
and when the sky is removed ,
and when hell is kindled ,
and when the Janna is brought near ,
then every soul already knows what it has achieved .
no , I swear by the stars ,
who are continuous , setting ,
and at night , when she pulls up the darkness ,
and in the morning , when he is coming ,
surely he is the word of a noble messress ,
who has power and prestige in that of Al &apos;ahrsch ,
He is obedience and he is trustworthy .
and your companion is not mentally disturbed .
and certainly he saw him on the clear horizon .
and he is not abstinent with the hidden ( Wahy ) .
and he is not the word of a damned Satan !
where are you going ? !
he is certainly only a adhortation for creation ,
for those of you who wants to behave straightforward .
and ye will not , save that Allah will , the Lord of all creation .
when the sky splits ,
and when the stars are scattered ,
and when the seas are blown up ,
and when the tombs are dug out ,
then every soul already knows what it presented and pushed .
you , man !
what deceived you in your all-generous Lord ,
who created you , then made you up , then straightened you ,
in every form He wanted , put you together ? !
certainly , no !
but you deny the Din ,
and surely above you are keepers ,
who are venerable registration ,
they know what you are doing .
Certainly , the benevolent -@ obedience are in the welfare .
and surely those who openly the transgression are in hell .
they are thrown into them on the day of Din ,
and they will never be absent from her .
and what do you know what the day of Din is ?
then , what do you know what the day of Din is ? !
on the day when no soul can do anything for a soul , and the matter on that day is subject to Allah .
decline is to those who are deceived in the measurement ,
those , if they let themselves be valuated by people , take out beyond the measure ,
and when they measure or weigh them , diminish .
they do not think they will be awakened
to a mighty day ,
when men rise up for the Lord of all creation ?
certainly , no !
Certainly , the register of public default is after all in Sidsch -yozhin !
and what do you know what Sidsch -yodschin is ? !
it is a sealed / marked register .
Decline on this day is intended for the deniers on that day ,
those who deny the Day of Din .
and only every missing border person denies him .
when Our Ayats were recited to him , he said , &quot; These are the legends of the ancients . &quot;
Certainly , no , but their hearts overcame what they used to acquire .
Certainly , no , surely they are shielded from their Lord this day .
then surely they are thrown into Jahannam .
then they are told , &quot; This is what you used to deny . &quot;
Certainly , no ! certainly , the register of the goodness -@ obedience is in &apos; Illiyin ,
and what do you know what Illiyin is ,
it is a sealed / marked register ,
which the loved ones testify .
Certainly , the benevolent -@ obedience are in the well-being .
they are on loungers , they look .
you recognize in their faces the rays of well-being .
they are given to drink by a pure drink with aroma ,
whose aroma is of musk . and in it the competitors should compete ,
and its mixture is of Tasniem ,
a source from which the loved ones drink .
Certainly , those who committed serious misdeeds used to make fun of those who internalized the Iman .
and as they passed them , they winked each other ( eloquent ) .
and when they returned to their families , they returned joyfully .
and when they saw them , they said , &quot; Surely these are wanderers .
and no keepers were sent from them . &quot;
So on that day , those who internalized the Iman make fun of the Kafir .
they are on loungers , they watch at :
&quot; Was the Kafir be rewarded for what they used to do ? &quot;
when the sky tears ,
and his Lord &apos;s ear , and it is incumbent upon him ,
and when the earth is expanded ,
and throws out what is in her and renounces it ,
and it shall be all of their Lord , and it is incumbent upon her ,
Man !
Certainly , you are a exenuous one to your Lord with effort that you shall meet .
therefore with regard to the one to whom his register is given with his rights ,
so he is subjected to a slight billing ,
and will return to his family happily .
and as to the one to whom his register is given from behind his back ,
so he will call for destruction ,
and thrown into heat .
certainly he was happy in his family .
Certainly , he thought he would not return .
Yet , with certainely , surely his Lord was seeing over him .
no , I swear at the Abendrรถte
and by night and what brings them together ,
and with the moon , when it is full ,
you will rise from one state to another .
why do they not internalize the Iman ? !
and when the Quran is recited to them , they do not perform Sujui .
no , but those who have operated Kufr deny
and Allah knows better about what they are aware of .
so bring them the &quot; good news &quot; of a excruciating torishment ,
except those who internalized the Iman and pleasing to God , a never-ending reward is destined for them .
in the sky of constellations ,
and on the threatened day ,
and with the witness and testified ,
Death is the companions of the ditch .
the fire in it is with fuel ,
as they sat around it ,
and they are witnesses about what they do with the momin .
and they disapproved of them nothing but that they internalized the Iman in Allah , the Most worthy , the Praisable ,
to whom belongs the dominion of the heavens and the earth .
and Allah is a witness above all .
Certainly , for those who expose the mumin -@ men and mumin -@ women of Fitna , then do not regret , the toroning of Jahannam and toroning of burning is established .
Certainly , for those who have internalized the Iman and done good like God , Jannat are destined , who have flowed by rivers are destined , this is the great success .
Surely the violence of your Lord is fierce .
Certainly , He is the One who begins and return .
and He is the Forgiving , the Extremely Loving ,
of the magnificent Al &apos;ahrsch ,
the omnipoting of what He wills .
you were given the message about the soldiers ,
about Pharaoh and Thamud ?
no , but those who have operated Kufr are in denial .
and Allah is all-encompassing before them .
no , but he is a glorious Quran ,
on a well-kept table .
at the sky and the At -@ tariq ,
and what do you know what At -@ tariq is ? !
it is the bright / high star .
about every soul there is undoubtedly a preserver of every soul .
so man shall see from which he was created .
it was created from poured liquid ,
which comes out from between backine and ribs .
Certainly , He is capable of His return ,
on the day the innermost is checked ,
then there is neither strength nor assisting for him .
in heaven with return ,
and by the earth with tearing !
Certainly , he is a judging word ,
and he is not an unserious .
Certainly , they are planning cunning
and I counter their cunning ,
so grant the Kafir postponement , grant them a short postponement !
boast the name of your Most High Lord ,
of the one who created and then made up ,
and the one Who determined , then guided ,
and the one who produced the grid ,
and He then made it the green-black dried up .
We will let you speak , so do not forget
except what Allah wills . Certainly , He knows the manifest and what is hidden .
and WE easily lead you to the relief .
so exhort if the exhortation is profitable .
it will be admonished by the one who has aence will be admonished ,
and it avoids the most wretful .
the one who is thrown into the greatest fire ,
then neither in it neither dies , nor lives .
already successful is the one who purified
and remembered the name of his Lord , and performed the ritual prayer .
no , but you prefer earthly life .
but the afterlife is better and more lasting .
Certainly , this is in the first scriptures ,
the letts of Ibrahim and Musa .
was you receive the message about the enveloping ? !
there are faces humble this day ,
working , exhausted ,
they are thrown into a very hot fire ,
they are soaked from a boiling source .
for them there is no food except of dried thorn plant ,
that neither nourishes nor satisfies hunger .
there are faces on this day ,
satisfied with their striving ,
in a high Janna .
you hear no senseless talk in it .
in it there is a flowing source .
in it are raised loungers
and provided chalices
and lined up cushions
and distributed carpets .
don &apos;t look at the camels as they were created ,
and to heaven as he was lifted up ,
and to the mountains as they were put ,
and to the earth as it was spread out ?
so adhort ! you are but a adhition ,
you are not having of them .
except the one who turned his back and operated Kufr ,
ALLAH will then torment with the greatest torment .
Certainly , to Us is their return ,
then surely , We are responsible for their reckoning .
at dawn ,
and at ten nights ,
and at the straight and the uneven ,
and at night , when it passes !
is there an oath for you with mind ? !
you did not see how your Lord dealt with &apos; Aad ,
that of Iram with the high ,
their peeled was not created in the countries ,
and with Thamud , those who chiseled the rock in the valley ,
as well as with Pharaoh , who of the pyramids ,
those who crossed the border in the cities ,
then increased in it increased ruin ,
then your Lord poured upon them a mixture of torishment ?
Surely your Lord is watching .
so with regard to man , if He examines him and shows him dignity and wealth , he says , &quot; My Lord showed me dignity . &quot;
and as to this , when He examines him , and his Rizq makes little for him , he says , &quot; My Lord humbled me . &quot;
Certainly , no , but you show no dignity to the orphan ,
and you do not encourage the food of the needy ,
and you consume the inheritance in complete consumption ,
and you love wealth in exceedingly great love .
certainly , no !
when the earth is crushed in crushing after crushing ,
and the instruction of your Lord , and the angels were lined up ,
and on that day Jahannam is brought up , on this day the man remembers , and how shall the memory be use to him ?
he says , &quot; I would have presented something for my life ! &quot;
so on this day no one like His torment no one ,
and captivates no man like His shackles .
you , the soul already finding peace !
return to your Lord content and satisfied ,
so enter among My servants ,
and enters My Janna !
no , I swear by this city -
and you live in this city -
and with the begwitness and what he has begotten !
Certainly , We have already created man to exert .
does he think that no one overwhelms him ? !
he says , &quot; I consumed accumulated wealth . &quot;
does he think that no one saw him ? !
WE didn &apos;t give him two eyes
as well as tongues and two lips ,
and did We guide him in both ways ?
so he did not ascbed Al- &apos; aqaba .
and what do you know what Al- &apos; aqaba is ? !
it is the liberation of an unfree ,
or the feeding in a day of great famine
of an orphan from kinship
or a needy of great need .
then he was of those who internalized the Iman and exhorished one other to patience and exhorished each other to mercy .
these are the companions of the right .
and those who have practiced our ayat opposite Kufr are the companions of the evil Omens ,
above them is closed fire .
in the sun and its rays ,
and by the moon , if it follows her ,
and the day when he made them visible ,
and at night , when she envelops her ,
and by heaven and Him who set him up ,
and by the earth and the One who spread them out ,
and with the soul and with the One who made them up ,
then she entered both Taqwa -@ Losigkeit and Taqwa ,
already successful is the one who keeps them pure ,
and already lost the one who obscured them ( with Taqwa -@ losigkeit ) .
Thamud denied because of her crossing of border ,
when their unsaved started ,
then Allah &apos;s messenger told them : &quot; ( leave ) the female camel of Allah and her potions . &quot;
then they accused him of falsehood , and they hurt his legs of him ( the female camel ) , then their Lord destroyed them because of their transgression , then He left it even to them .
and He has no fear of their coming .
at night , when she envelops ,
and on the day when he reveals himself ,
and by Him Who created the male and the feminine !
Certainly , your striving is different .
thus with regard to the one who donated and acted Taqwa according to
and the beauty ( Janna ) true ,
We will make it easy for the easier .
and as to the one who stinged and renounced ( on the Din )
and denied the beautiful ,
We will make it easy for a difficult .
and his wealth is of no use to him when he is based .
Certainly , we are responsible for the guidance .
and certainly , both the last and the first .
So I warned you of a fire that blazes ,
into which no one but the most wretful is thrown ,
the one who denied and turned his back .
and it is kept away from him the Muttaqi ,
who donates his fortune and keeps in .
and no one has with him a benefit to be repaid ,
So ( he did it only in the pursuit of his most High Lord .
and certainly he will be satisfied .
in the morning
and at night , when she rests !
Your Lord did not leave you , nor is He averse to you .
and certainly the last is better for you than the first .
and surely your Lord will give you , so that you are satisfied .
If He did not find you as an orphan , then did He grant you security ? !
and He found you astray , and He guided you .
and He found you poor , then He made you rich .
so with regard to the orphan , do not suppress !
and as to the petitioner , do not curse !
and as to the benefit of your Lord , speak about it .
We have not extended your chest ,
and your burden is taken from you ,
that pushed your back down ,
and increases your reputation ? !
so surely , there is a relief with the difficulty .
Certainly , there is a relief with the difficulty .
so if you are relieved , make an effort ,
and to your Lord , and sincerely dedicate yourself to your Lord .
at figs and olives ,
at the Tur -@ Berg of Sinin ,
at this safe city !
Certainly , already We created man in the best ,
then We returned him to the lowest of the lower ,
except those who have internalized the Iman and done good in God , a never-ending reward is destined for them .
so what else makes you deny the Din ?
Isn &apos;t Allah not the best judging of the judges ? !
recite in the name of your Lord , who created .
he created the man from &apos; Alaq .
recite , and your Lord is the most venerable ,
who taught ( writing ) with the writing instrument ,
he taught people what he did not know .
Certainly , no ! surely , man transcends the border ,
when he sees himself rich .
Certainly , to your Lord is the return .
how do you see the one who forbids it
a servant when he performs the ritual prayer ? !
how do you see it ? should he be guided ,
or Taqwa ? !
how do you see it ? should he deny and turn his back ?
did he not know that Allah was seeing ? !
certainly , no !
if he does not end , We will pull his forehead hair ,
Forehead hair that are lying and missing .
then he shall call his union .
Let &apos;s call the strict angels .
Certainly , no , do not listen to him , carry out Sujuud and draw near !
Certainly , We sent him down on the night of Al -yahadr .
and what do you know what Al -@ qadr -@ night is ? !
the Al รข-@ qadr -@ night is better than a thousand months .
the angels and glory are gradually revealed in her with the consent of their Lord because of every matter .
Salam is her until the dawn of dawn .
those of the owners of the Scriptures who operated Kufr , and the Muschrik will not let go until the clarity comes to them ,
an envoy of Allah who recites purified writings ,
in which are valuable chapters .
and those to whom the Scripture was given did not disagree , after the clarity had come to them .
and they were not commanded , except that they serve Allah , sincerely in the Dm to Him as Hanif - to perform the ritual prayer properly , and pay the Zakath ; and this is the Lady of straightforwardness .
Certainly , those of the scribes who practiced Kufr , and the Muschrik are in the fire of Jahannam , they are in it forever .
these are the worst of creatures .
Certainly , those who have internalized the Iman and done good like God , these are the best of creatures .
Their reward by their Lord is &apos; Adn Jannat , which have flowed by rivers , in which they are forever , forever . Allah pleased them , and they are pleased with Him ; this is for the one who shows reverence to his Lord .
when the earth is shaken with its tremake ,
and the earth brings forth its burdens ,
and man says , &quot; What is wrong with her ? &quot;
on that day she shares her news ,
that your Lord might give her Wahy .
On this day men come forth scattered , so that their deeds may be shown to them .
So whoever does the weight of a dust will see it .
and whoever does the weight of a stick of evil will see it .
with the snorting race ends ,
then the spark -@ beating ,
then the storushing in the morning ,
then they swirled up dust ,
then they entered the middle of the assembly !
surely man is ungrateful to his Lord .
and surely he is a witness about it .
and certainly , he is exuberant to the love of good .
he does not know if what is revealed by the graves
and that is produced in the breasts ,
that surely their Lord is knowledgeable about them on this day ?
it is Al ... -@ qari &apos;a .
what is Al ... -@ qari &apos;a ? !
and what do you know what Al -@ qari &apos;a is ? !
on the day when people are like scattered moths ,
and the mountains are like plucked wool .
therefore with regard to the one whose weighed is difficult ,
so he has a pleasant life .
and with regard to the one whose weighed is easy ,
so is his mother Hawiya .
and what do you know what this is ? !
it is a glowing fire .
has distracted you ( the addiction ) to increase ,
until you have visited the graves .
certainly , no ! You will still know .
then certainly , no ! You will still know .
surely , no , you would have the knowledge of certainty ,
you would certainly recognize hell .
then you will see them as the certainty itself .
then on this day you will undoubtedly be held accountable for the well-being .
at Al- &apos;asr !
Certainly , man is in loss
except those who have internalized the Iman , done good pleasing to God , adhorished one other to the truth and exhorished one other to patience .
Decline is extremely offensive to everyone by evil slander , extremely offensive by facial expressions ,
of the wealth and counted again and again .
he thought that his wealth had immortalized him .
certainly , no !
he is thrown in Al -@ hutama .
and what do you know what Al -@ hutama is ? !
it is the kindled fire of Allah ,
that beats the hearts .
Certainly , it is completed about them ,
on outstretched columns ( bound ) .
did you not see what your Lord did to the elephant &apos;s companions ?
He has not let their cunning go wrong ,
and sent over them birds in swarms ,
who they threw with clay -@ Steinen ,
then she made like eaten foliage ? !
because of the connection of Quraish ,
their connection of the journey from winter and summer ,
then they shall serve the LORD of this house ,
who fed them for starvation , and gave safety for fear .
Do you know the one who denies the Din ? !
so this is the one who pushes the orphan away
and does not inspire the feeding of the needy .
so decline is that of ritual prayer ,
to those who are careless against their ritual prayer ,
to those who run Riyaa
and refuse the utensils .
Certainly , We gave you Al -@ kauthar ,
then perform the ritual prayer to your Lord , and kill it .
Certainly , your slanderer is the one without a progenitor .
say , &quot; You Kafir !
I do not serve what you serve ,
and you are not servants of Him Whom I serve .
and I am not a servant of what you have served ,
and you are not servants of Him Whom I serve .
you is your Din and to me is my Lady . &quot;
when Allah &apos;s help and victory comes
and you see the people in Din of Allah entering in multitudes ,
so praise with your Lord &apos;s praise , and ask Him for forgiveness ; surely He is always extremely loyal .
Destruction be Abu -yolahab , destruction be to him !
his fortune was no profit him , nor not what he acquired .
he is thrown into a fire with flames
and his wife , the wearer of the wood ,
around her neck is a rope of palm raffia .
say : &quot; He is Allah , only .
Allah is As -@ samad .
He never fathered and never was He begotten ,
and nobody is never equal to Him . &quot;
say : &quot; I seek protection from the LORD of dawn
before the evil of what He created ,
and before the evil of a darkened , when it dawns ,
and before the evil of the blsterdering on the knots ,
and before the evil of an envious when he envies . &quot;
say , &quot; I seek protection from the Lord of men ,
with the ruler of men ,
with The Deity of Men
before the evil of the hiding whisperer -
who whisperpers in the breasts of men --
from the Jinn and the people . &quot;
