This , because you have taken ALLAHs Ayat as ridicule and deceived the earthly life deceived you , so on this day , they neither go out of him ( fire ) , nor are they be satisfied .
then all praise is due to Allah , to the LORD of the heavens , and to the LORD of the earth , to the LORD of all creation .
and to Him belongs glory in the heavens and on earth , and He is the All-ighty , the Wise .
Ha -@ mim .
the graduessive sending down of Scripture is from Allah , the All-ighty , the All-Wise .
We did not create the heavens , the earth , and that which is between them , except according to lawfulness and time ; and those who have practiced Kufr are turning away to what they were warned of .
Say : &quot; Have you seen what you are asking at instead of Allah supplications instead of Allah ? show me what they created from the earth !
or do they have a participation in the heavens ? bring me a scripture from before this ( Quran ) or something left of knowledge , should you be true . &quot;
and no one is more erroneous than the one who , instead of Allah supplication to what does not hear him until the Day of Resurrection , and they are careless of their supplication .
and when men are gathered together , they will be enemies to them , and they will be busy to their service .
and when Our Ayat are recited to them as clear , those who have done Kufr say to the truth after it came to them : &quot; This is a clear magic . &quot;
or do they say , &quot; He invented him &quot; ? !
Say : &quot; If I have invented it , you would not be able to do anything for me before Allah !
he knows better what you blaspheming about him .
Allah is sufficient as a witness between me and you .
and He is the Forgiving , The Merighty . &quot;
Say : &quot; I was not a novelty among the messengers , and I do not know what is being done with me , nor with you .
I only follow what is given to me as Wahy , and I am nothing more than a clear warner . &quot;
Say , &quot; How do you see it ? should he be of Allah , and you run opposite him opposite Kufr . &quot;
and a witness of the children of Israel testified to his peers , then he internalized Iman , while you rose up in arrogance .
and those who did Kufr said to those who internalized Iman : &quot; If he were good , they had not come to him . &quot;
and since they found no guidance through him , they will say , &quot; This is an old Ifk -@ lie . &quot;
and before him the scripture of Musa was an Imam and a grace , and this is a affirmative scripture in Arabic , that he may warn those who committed injustice and be a joyful news for the Muhsin .
Certainly those who said , &quot; Our Lord is Allah , &quot; then behaved straightforward , there is no fear of them , nor will they be sad .
These are the companions of Jannah , in which they remain eternally in retaliation for what they used to do .
and WE assigned man to teach Ihsan to his parents ; his mother was pregnant with him in efferness with him and gave birth to him in efferness .
and ( the time ) of pregnancy with him and his weaning is thirty months .
then when he reached his maturity and was forty years old , he said , &quot; My lord !
Give me that I gratefully express myself to Your benefit which YOU have granted me and my parents , and that I may do good pleasing to God , in which YOU find pleased , and grant me good in my descendants .
Yes ! I regretted You and certainly I am of the Muslims . &quot;
these are the ones of whom WE accept the best of what they did and WE look at whose Godwrailal deeds with the companions of the Jannah , which is the promise of truth that has always been promised to them .
and the one who said to his parents , &quot; Foolish for you !
you promise me that I will be brought forth , and the generations have already passed before me . &quot;
and both call Allah for help and say , &quot; Your decline !
Internalize the Iman ! Allah &apos;s promise is certainly true . &quot;
then he says , &quot; This is nothing other than the legends of the former . &quot;
These are the ones against them what was said was right was said against them , under Umam , which already passed away before them , by the Jinn and the men ; surely they were losers .
and for both there are positions for what they did , and He will reward them for their deeds , and they shall not be wronged .
and on that day when those who have practiced Kufr are put to the fire : &quot; You have consumed and enjoyed your Tay -@ yibat in your life of this world , and have enjoyed it , and today you will be rewarded for the punishment of humiliation because of how you wrongly rise into arrogance on earth , and because of how you used to do Fisq . &quot;
and mention the brother of &apos; Aad , when he warned his people in Al -@ ahqaf , and already the warners passed away before him and behind him , &quot; serve nothing but Allah ! yes ! I fear for you the punishment of a mighty day . &quot;
they said , &quot; Did you come to us to keep us from our gods ?
then bring us what you threaten to us should you be of the truthful . &quot;
he said , &quot; Knowledge is only with Allah , and I proclaim to you what I have been sent , but I see you as people who are ignorant . &quot;
and when they saw it as a rain cloud passing over their valleys , they said , &quot; This is a rain cloud that will rain on us . &quot;
no , but it is the wind with which you have demanded haste , a wind with which there is a excruciating tormenting ,
he destroys all things with the command of his Lord .
then they became so that nothing but their dwellings is seen , and thus We repay the badely missing people .
and surely We have already established them , in which We have not established you , and We listened to them , eyes and understanding ; but neither their hearing , nor their eyes , nor their intellect , benefited them , since they denied ALLAh &apos;s Ayat , and they surrounded that which they used to mock .
and surely We have already destroyed what is around you in places , and clarified the Ayats , that they might repent .
and those who took them as deities instead of Allah as approximaching than deities instead of Allah would have helped them !
false , but they have come lost from them , and this is their Ifk -@ falsehood , and what they used to invent .
and when We turned to you a group of the Jinn listening to the Quran , and when they were present with him , they said , &quot; Listen ! &quot;
and then , when it stopped , they returned to their people as warnings .
they said , &quot; Our people !
Certainly we heard a scripture sent down to Musa , confirming what was before her , leading to the truth and a straightforward way .
Our people ! follow ALLAHs Da &apos;wa -@ making and internalizes the Iman in Him . He forgives you your transgressions and protects you from excruciating punishment .
and whoever does not follow ALLAHs Da &apos;wa -@ making , he does not cause ( ALLAH ) on earth , and he has no wali instead of Him .
did they not see that Allah , Who created the heavens and the earth and did not tire of their creation , has omnipotence to enliven the dead ?
Yet , for certainty ! surely , He is omnipotent above all else .
and on the day when those who have done Kufr are exposed to the fire , &quot; Is this not the truth ? &quot; they said , &quot; Yet , with certainty , with our Lord ! &quot;
he said , &quot; so experience the punishment for what you used to do about Kufr . &quot;
so train patience as Ulul- &apos; azm exercised patience from the messengers , and demand no haste with them .
for them , it is the day when they see what is threatened to them , as if they have not stayed for more than an hour during the day .
this is a message . Are others are destroyed than the fisq -@ operating people ? !
He caused their actions to those who did Kufr and prevented from ALLAH &apos;s way , He lost their actions .
and to those who internalized Iman , did good pleasing to God , and internalized Iman to that which was revealed to Muhammad - and it is the truth from their Lord - He destroyed out their God-wrrupal deeds and improved their situation .
This is because those who practiced Kufr followed him who was declared nain , and those who internalized Iman , followed the True of their Lord ; in this way Allah shapes their parables to men .
and when you meet those who have practiced Kufr , there is a beating on the necks . Then , when you have inflicted heavy losses on them , then tighten the shackles , after that there is either a pardon or regation , until the war put his burdens . It is this ! and wanted Allah , He would certainly retaliate them , but so that He may examine one of you by the others , and those who were killed fi -@ sabilillah , He will never be lost .
he will guide them and improve their situation .
and He will bring them into the Jannah , which He made known to them .
you who have internalized Iman !
If you assist ALLAHs ( Din ) , He assists you and strengthen your feet .
and for those who have done Kufr there is decay , and He has lost their actions .
This , because they were averse to what Allah sent down , He destroyed their actions .
have they not gone about on earth , that they may see what the next of them was before them ?
Allah caused destruction upon them , and there is the same for the Cafir .
this , because Allah is certainly the Maula of those who internalized the Iman , and there is certainly no Maula for the Kafir .
Certainly , Allah makes those who have internalized the Iman and done good pleasing to God to enter into Jannat , who have been crossed by rivers , and those who have practiced Kufr have fun and eat as the An &apos;am , and the fire is a abode for them .
and how many places that were even more powerful than your place , which drove you out , We destroyed , so there is no siby for them .
is he who has clarity from his Lord , like him to whom the evil of his action was made beautiful ? but they followed their inclinations .
( is about ) the parable of the Janna , which was promised to the Muttaqi - in it are rivers with non-perishable water , rivers with milk , the taste of which never changes , rivers with the drinking tasty wine , and rivers with filtered honey .
and for them there is in it of all the fruits and forgiveness from their Lord , like him that abideth in the fire for ever ? and they were watered with boiling water , and it tore their bowines .
and among them are some who listen to you , then after they had forsaken you , they said to those who received the knowledge , &quot; What did he say earlier ? &quot;
these are the ones whose hearts sealed Allah , and they followed their inclinations .
and those who found guidance He multiplied in guidance , and granted them their Taqwa .
are they waiting for other hour other than the hour to suddenly come to them ? !
so already came their signs , and how will they remember when she comes to them ( the hour so ) comes to them ? !
so note it by knowledge that there is certainly no deity but Allah , and ask for forgiveness for your forgression and for the Moomin -@ men and Moomin -@ women ! and Allah knows your journey around and your abitation .
and those who internalized Iman say , &quot; Would a Sura be sent down ! &quot;
and when a clear Sura was sent down and the battle was mentioned , you saw those in whose hearts is sickness looking at you like the staring of the one who becomes unconscious during dying .
so decline near them !
Obedience and approved word ( is better for them ) , and if the matter becomes serious , they would become true of Allah , it would be better for them .
would you , if you take responsibility , would you cause ruin on earth and break your bonds of kinship ?
These are the ones who cursed Allah , and He made them deaf and blinded their eyes .
do they not think about the Quran ? ! or are there locks on ( some ) hearts ? !
Certainly , to those who turned their backs after the guidance has become visible to them , Satan makes it easy for them and made them hopes .
This , because they were certainly averse to those who were averse to what Allah sent down little by little , &quot; We will obey you in some of the matter , &quot; and Allah knows their secrets .
and how are they ) when the angels entered in their ( souls ) , they strike their faces and their backs ? !
This , because they followed that which provoked the wrath of Allah , and they were averse to His pleasure , and He let their actions decay .
or did those in whose hearts is sickness think that Allah will never bring forth their resentment ?
and if We wanted it , surely We would have shown you them , then you will surely recognize them by their characteristics , and you will recognize them by the hint with what has been said .
and Allah knows your actions .
and We will consider you , that We may make the jihad among you and those who may know themselves in patience , and that We may examine your affairs .
Certainly , those who have done Kufr have prevented from Allah &apos;s way and resisted the Messenger after the guidance has become visible to them , harm Allah in nothingness , and He will destroy their actions .
you who have internalized Iman !
obey Allah and obey the Messenger , and do not let your actions be void .
Certainly , those who operated Kufr and dented Allah &apos;s way , then died while they were Kafir , Allah will never forgive them .
so do not give in , nor call to reconciliation , and you are the superior , and Allah is with you , and He will certainly never diminish your actions .
The life of this world is only mischief and pleasure , and when you internalize Iman and Taqwa , he will give you your reward and does not ask of you your power .
and if He longs for it , and then goes with you to the border , you will be stingy , and He will bring forth your resentment .
there you are called to donate fi -@ sabilillah , and among you there are those who will be stingy .
but whoever is stingy only stinges towards himself .
and Allah is the absolute self-sufficient and you are the poor .
and when you turn your backs , He exchanges views for other people , then they will not be like you .
Certainly , We let you achieve a clear victory ,
so that Allah may forgive you what has happened from your failure and will happen , His benefit completes you , guide you on a straightforward path
and Allah assists you with a worthy victory .
He is the one who sent peace of the heart into the hearts of the Moomin , so that they may gain more Iman to their Iman , and Allah belong to the helpers of the heavens and the earth , and Allah is always omniscient , alise .
he will let the Moomin--@ men and the Moomin -@ women enter in Jannat , who have flowed by rivers , as the eternal in it , and their didous deeds , and this is always a tremendous success at ALLAH .
And He will meet the Munafiq -@ men and the Munafiq -@ women and the mashrik-men and the mchory -@ women who think about Allah the bad thinking .
and Allah was angry with them , and cursed them , and prepared Jahannam for them ; and she is pathetic is them as a becoming .
and Allah the helpers of the heavens and the earth , and Allah is always all-worthy , all wise .
Certainly , We sent you as witnesses , bearer of glad tidings and warners ,
that you may internalize the Iman of Allah and His Messenger , help His ( Din ) , glorify Him , and praise Him after sunrise and before sunset .
Certainly , those who render you to Bai &apos;a are actually doing Bai &apos;a Allah . Allah reaffirms their handshake . Whoever breaks , he breaks ( him ) only against himself , and whoever fulfills what he has committed himself to Allah , He will grant him a huge reward .
Those who left behind of the desert Arabs will tell you : &quot; We were occupied by our wealth and our families , so ask for forgiveness for us ! &quot;
they say with their tongues what is not in their hearts .
Say : &quot; Who has something of Allah for you if He wants harm to you , or wants useful for you ? &quot;
no , but Allah is aware of what you do .
no , but you thought that the messenger and the Moomin would never return to their families , and this was made beautiful in your hearts , you thought the bad thinking , and you were lost people .
and whoever does not internalize Iman of Allah and His Messenger , We prepared heat for the Kafir .
and Allah belongs the dominion of the heavens and the earth ; he forgives whom He pleases , and He torments whom He pleases , and Allah is always Forgiving , merciful .
Those who are left behind will say , &quot; If you set out to the lodators to take them , let us follow you ! &quot;
Thus Allah said before . &quot; then they will say , &quot; No , but you envy us . &quot;
no , but they did not have to understand except a little .
say to those left behind of the desert Arabs : &quot; You are called to people of fierce violence , you are fighting against them or they become Muslims .
and if you obey , Allah gives you a beautiful reward , and when you turn your backs , as you have turned your backs before , He undergoes a excruciating tormenting . &quot;
neither for the blind man it is a transgression , nor for the lame it is a transgression , nor for the sick it is a transgression ; and whoever obeys Allah and His Messenger , He will let him enter into Jannat , which are crossed by rivers , and whoever turns his back , He torments a excruciating punment .
Certainly , Allah is already satisfied with the Moomin , when they gave you Bai &apos;a under the tree , then He knew what was in their hearts , then He sent the peace of their heart over them and rewarded her with a near victory
and many bootids that they will take , and Allah is always all-worthy , all-wise .
Allah promised you many bootporters that you take , so He hamed them and held back the hands of the people from you , and so that this would become an Aya for the Moomin , and He would guide you to a straight path .
also others ( He promised you ) , over whom you had no power , which Allah already knows all-embracing , and Allah is always omnipotent above all .
and if those who have done Kufr would fight against you , if they would certainly turn their backs , then they would not find Wali nor assiby .
this is ALLAH &apos;s action that has already been applied , and you will not find any deviation from ALLAH &apos;s actions .
and He is the One who held their hands back from you , as well as your hands of them in the midst of the Makca -i valley , after He had made you win over them .
and Allah is always all-seeing of what you do .
they are the ones who have done Kufr and stopped you from Almasjidil -@ haram and prevented the sacrificial animals from reaching their destination .
and there would not be Moomin -@ men and Moomin -@ women - whom you would not know , who would come down without knowledge , and then , because of them , ( do not hold back your hands from them ) , so that Allah may enter into His mercy whom He pleases .
and if they had separated , We would certainly have subjected a painizing torment those of them who have practiced Kufr .
( and remember ) , when those who did Kufr cherished in their hearts the rejecting pride , the rejecting pride of the Jahiliya , then Allah sent heartfelt rest from Him upon His Messenger and upon the Moomin , and commred them to the word of the Taqwa , and they had more right to it and were his people .
and Allah is always omniscient about all .
Certainly Allah truthfully His messenger the dream face to His messenger , for you will enter , inscha -@ allah , Almasjidil -@ haram , safely with shaved heads or with short cut ( hair ) .
so He knew what ye do not know , then He made a near victory after this .
He is the One who sent His Messenger with the guidance and the Din the truth , so that He may make him surpass all Din , and Allah is sufficient as a witness .
Muhammad is Allah &apos;s messenger , and those with him are harsh on the Kafir , merciful among themselves .
you see them as Ruku &apos; and Sudschud- exececutives , they strive for favor of Allah and pleasure .
their characteristics are in their faces of the Sudschud -@ effect .
This is their parable in At -@ taurat , as well as their parable in the Alindschil . It is like a plant that drove its shoots , then it strengthened them , then they became firm , then they stood on their stems , it rejoices the sowws , so that He may upset with them the Kafir with them .
Allah promised forgiveness and huge reward to those of them who internalized the Iman and did good pleasing to God .
you who have internalized Iman !
does not prejudge Allah and His Messenger , and acts towards Taqwa according to Allah ! Certainly , Allah is omniscient , omniscient .
you who have internalized Iman !
Do not raise your voices above the voice of the prophet , and do not be as loud to him with what has been said as some of you are loud to others , otherwise your actions will be destroyed while you do not notice it .
Certainly , those who dampen their voices before Allah &apos;s messengers are those whose hearts Allah tested for the Taqwa .
Certainly , those who call you from beyond the Hujurage do not understand most of them do not understand .
and if they had practiced themselves in patience , until you came out to them , this would surely be better for them , and Allah is Forgiving , merciful .
you who have internalized Iman !
when a Fasiq comes to you with a message , make sure that you do not hurt people by ignorance , and then you become repentant for what you have done .
and know that among you is Allah &apos;s messenger ; if he listened to you in many of the matters , you would surely suffer from inconvenience . But Allah has made Iman love you and made him appear beautiful in your hearts , and abhorred the Kufr , the Fisq and the resistance , these are the true sensible .
it is a favor of Allah and benefit . and Allah is omniscient , Wise .
and if two groups of the Moomins fight themselves , then reconcile them to one another , and if one of them commit transgression against the other , then fight the one who transgresses until she returns to Allah &apos;s instruction , and when she returned , both reconcile to each other for justice , and be just ! surely , Allah loves the righteous .
The Moomins are brothers and sisters , so reconcile your brothers and sisters reconcile to one another , and act to Taqwa according to Allah , that grace may be given to you .
you who have internalized the Iman ! neither men should make fun of ( other ) men - perhaps they are better than them , nor women over ( other ) women - maybe they are better than them , and do not make each other bad , and do not give yourselves any scar names ! pathetic is the Fisq -@ name after the Iman , and whoever does not regent , these are the injustice -@ deparating .
you who have internalized the Iman ! avoid the most from speculation !
Certainly , some speculation is a transgression , and do not spy , and some of you shall not commit Ghibah against the others !
may any of you feed on the flesh of his dead brother ?
so you abhorred it .
and act to Taqwa according to Allah ! Certainly , Allah is faithful , merciful .
you people !
Certainly We created you from a male and a feminine , and made you peoples and tribes , that you might meet .
Certainly , the most worthy of you at Allah is the one with the most Taqwa .
Certainly , Allah is omniscient , omnisledent .
the desert Arabs said , &quot; We internalized Iman . &quot;
Say , &quot; You have not internalized the imman , but say , &quot; We became Muslims , &quot; but the iman has not yet penetrated into your hearts .
and if you obey Allah and His Messenger , He will not rebezzters you from your actions . &quot; Surely Allah is Forgiving , gracious .
The Moomins are only those who internalized the Iman of Allah and His messenger , then had no doubt , and did jihad with their fortune and themselves fi -@ sabilillah , who are the truthful .
Say : &quot; Will you teach Allah about your Din ?
and Allah knows what is in the heavens and what is on the earth . &quot; and Allah is omniscient of all things .
they make you reproaches that they embraced Islam .
Say , &quot; Do not make me any reproaches because of your Islam ! No , but Allah showed you grace to guide you to the Iman , if you should be true . &quot;
Indeed , Allah knows the hidden of the heavens and the earth , and Allah is seeing of what you do .
Qaf . at the glorious Quran !
no , but they were astonished that a warner of them came to them , so the Kafir said , &quot; This is something amazing !
if we died and became earth , ( will we return ) ?
this is a distant return . &quot;
We already knew what the earth takes away from them , and with Us is a preserving scripture .
no , but they denied the true when it came to them , so they are in a confused situation .
have they not looked at the sky above them , as We built and adorned it , and he has no cracks ?
and We stretched out the earth , put in it consoliinging ( mountains ) , and let it sprout on it of every joyful duality ,
as an insight -@ Adering and admonition for every inverent servant .
and We gradually dropped water from the sky full of Baraka from the sky , then We sprout jannat and revestable grains .
as well as high date palms , which bear tufted like fruits ,
as Rizq for the servants . and thus WE animated a dead village . Such is the emergence ( from the tombs ) .
The people of Nuh , the inhabitants of Ar -@ rass and Thamud
and &apos; Aad , Pharaoh , and the brethren of Lut ,
as well as the inhabitants of Al -@ aika , and the people of Tubba . &apos; all accused the messengers of falsehood , so My threat was right .
were WE overwhelmed with the first creation ? ! no , but they are in confusion before a new creation .
and surely We already created for man and WE know what his soul whispers to him , and We are closer to him than his carotid artery .
when the two recipients are received sitting from the right and sitting from the left .
he does not pronounce a word without a supervisor present with him .
and the dazed -@ making one of dying came truthfully , this is what you were averse to .
and it was pushed in As -@ sur . This is the day of threat .
and every soul came , with it a guide and a witness .
Certainly , you have already been careless , then we took away your covering from you , then your vision is sharp today .
and his ( close ) companion said , &quot; This is what is present with me . &quot;
&quot; Throw you both in Jahannam every extremely stubborn Kufr -@ operator in Jahannam ,
who was extremely preventing the good , transgression and doubting ,
the one who joined another deity in addition to Allah , both throws him into the hard torment .
his companion said : &quot; Our Lord !
I did not let him be transgressed , but he was in the wide wanderray . &quot;
he said , &quot; Do not argue before Me , where I have already sent you the threat .
This has been said is never changed with Me , and I am no injustice -@ inflict to the servants . &quot;
on the day We say to Jahannam , &quot; Have you come full ? ! &quot;
and she says , &quot; isn &apos;t there more ? &quot;
and the Janna was brought closer to the Muttaqi without being far away .
this is what has been promised to you , for every preserving reversing ,
of reverence to the Mergrace and came with an repentting heart .
&quot; Enter them with Salam . This is the day of eternity . &quot;
for them it is determined what they want , and with Us there is more .
and how many We destroyed before them on generations who were even more violent in violence than they were , then they sought in the countries whether there was an escape .
Certainly , therein is a exhortation for the one for whom there was a mind or who listened while it was a witness .
and surely We created the heavens , the earth , and that which is between them , in six Ay -yoyam , and there was no weariness .
then train patience of what they say , and praise with the praise of your Lord before the sunrise and before sunset .
and in a part of the night praise Him and after Sudschud !
and listen in the day when the caller calls from a near place .
on the day when they hear the cry truthfully , this is the day of coming .
Surely it is WE Who enlivens and causes die , and to Us is the becoming ,
on the day when the earth bureth upon them , ( while they hurry , this is an easy gathering for Us .
Certainly , We know better of what they say , and you are not an ening about them .
so exhort with the Quran those who are afraid of My threat .
with those who are scattering ,
then the heavy carrying ,
then those who move in ease ,
then those who share the matter !
what is promised to you is true .
and surely , the Din will surely happen .
in the sky of Kreisbahnen !
Certainly , you are of different views ,
is dissuaded from who was dissuaded .
Death be to the liars ,
who remain careless in the depths ( of ignorance ) .
they ask : &quot; When is the Day of Din happen ? &quot;
&quot; on the day when they are subjected to Fitna in the fire . &quot;
Find out your Fitna !
this is what you used to ask for a haste .
Certainly the Muttaqi are in Jannat and at sources ,
they take that which their LORD gave them ; surely they used to be before this Muhsin .
they used to sleep a little from the night ,
and before dawn they asked for forgiveness .
and in their assets is a right for the petiender and the excluded .
and on earth Ayat are in favour of the certainty of
as well as in yourself . Do you have no insight ? !
and in heaven is your Rizq and that which is promised to you .
by the LORD of heaven and earth , surely it is true , just as it is true , that you speak .
was you receive the report about Ibrahim &apos;s appreciated guests ? !
when they came to him and said , &quot; Salam ! &quot;
he said , &quot; Salam ( be with you ) , you unknown people ! &quot;
then he went to his family unnoticed , then he came with a well-nourished calf ,
then he set it before them , he said , &quot; Do you not eat ? &quot;
then he hid fear from them . They said , &quot; Do not be afraid ! &quot;
and they brought him good tidings about an exceedingly knowing boy .
then his wife came in loud exuberance , slapped her face and said , &quot; I am a barren old man ! &quot;
they said , &quot; Thus said your Lord ; surely He is the Wise , the Knowing . &quot;
he said , &quot; What is your desire , you messenger ? &quot;
they said , &quot; Certainly , we were sent to too severely missing people ,
so that we may send over them stones of clay ,
who are marked by your Lord for the exmeasurable . &quot;
then We brought out who was in it the Moomin .
then WE found in it only one house of Muslims .
and WE left in it an Aya for those who are afraid of the excruciating torment .
and with Musa ( there was an Aya ) when We sent him to Pharaoh with a clear proof .
then he turned to his protectors and said , &quot; ( he is ) a magician or disturbed by the mind . &quot;
then We punished him with his soldiers , then We threw them into the river while he was reprehensible .
and with &apos; Aad ( there was an Aya ) , when We sent upon them the barren wind ,
who leaves none of what he blew over , without making it crushed .
and with Thamud ( there was an Aya ) when they were told , &quot; Only have fun only until a time ! &quot;
then they rose up above the instruction of their Lord , and slew lightning as they watched .
then they could not get up , nor help them .
likewise the people of Nuh before , astainly , they were fisq -@ driving people .
and We set ected the heavens with power , and surely We are expansive .
and we spread out the earth . how beautiful are the Ebnenden .
and of all things We created divisions , that you might reflect .
&quot; So escape to Allah , surely I am a clear warner for you before Him .
and do not enter any other God besides Allah ; surely I am a clear warner for you before Him . &quot;
In this way , there was no messenger came to those before them , without saying , &quot; He is a magician , or disturbed by the mind . &quot;
Are they bequeathed it to each other ? !
no , but they are transgressive people .
then turn away from them , for you are not reprehensible .
and remember , for the memory uses the Moomin .
and I created the Jinn and the people only to serve Me .
I want no Rizq from them , and I do not want them to feed Me .
Certainly , ALLAH is the true plentiful Rizq -@ Gewähreing , Who with the all-power , The absolutely solid .
for surely , for those who committed iniustice , there is a portion , like the portion of their companions , they shall not call for haste .
so decline be to those who have practiced Kufr in their day , which is threatened to them .
at At -@ tur !
with the font written in lines ,
on an unded parchment .
at Al -@ bait -@ ilma &apos;mur !
near the upscale roof !
at the Masjur -@ sea !
Surely the tormenting of your Lord shall surely be done .
for them there is no defender .
in the day , when the sky swings in Hin -@ and -@ Her -@ wactuing back and forth ,
and the mountains moved in locomotion .
so decline on this day for the denying ,
who play around in the bustle and bustle ,
the day when they are bust in the push to the fire of Jahannam .
&quot; This is the fire you used to deny .
is this magic , or don &apos;t you see ? !
Step into it , then train patience or not be patient , it is the same for you ; and you will only be rewarded for what you used to do will be rewarded . &quot;
Certainly the Muttaqi are in Jannat and welfare ,
Rejoice at what their Lord granted them , and their Lord protected them from the tormentment of hell .
&quot; Eat and drink well for what you used to do . &quot;
they are based on lined up loungers , and We had them marry to Hur- &apos; in .
and to those who internalized Iman , and whose descendants followed them with Iman , We sent their descendants , and We did not diminished them from their doings .
and WE provided them with fruit and meat from what they desire .
they give each other cups , with which there is neither senseless talk nor missing .
and serve them their servants , who would be like pearls kept in mussels .
and some of them turned to the other and asked ,
they said : &quot; Surely we used to be awe with our families beforehand ,
then Allah showed us grace and protected us from the torment of the heat .
Certainly , we used to ask Him supplications to Him beforehand ; surely He is the Most Good , The Mercious .
remember , for because of the benefit of your Lord , you are neither a dioothtayer nor a disturbed of the spirit because of the benefit of your Lord .
or they say , &quot; He is a poet with whom we are waiting for a dubious end . &quot;
Say : &quot; Just wait , for I am with you from those who wait . &quot;
or does their forbearance command them this ? ! or are they transgression people ? !
or they say , &quot; He invented him ! &quot;
no , but they do not internalize the Iman .
then they shall bring a report of His peers if they be truthful .
or were they created by nothingness ? ! or were they the creators themselves ? !
or did they create the heavens and the earth ?
no , but they have no certainty .
or are the magazines of your Lord with them ? or are they the controllers ?
or is there a ladder for them to listen to ? !
so their listener shall come with a clear proof .
or do the daughters and the sons belong to Him ?
or do you demand wages from them if they are burdened by their obligation ?
or is the hidden with them if they write it down ? !
or do they want to plan cunning ? !
so are those who have operated Kufr , those against whom cunning is planned .
or is there a deity except Allah ? !
subhanallah about what they do at Schirk .
and when they see fragments falling from the sky , they say , &quot; These are clouds layered on top of each other . &quot;
then let them until they meet their day when they will be slain .
on the day when they are not used of their cunning , nor helped by them .
and certainly , for those who committed injustice , there is a tormenting after this , but most do not know .
and show patience in the command of your Lord ; for you are certainly under Our sight , and praise with the praise of your Lord , when you rise up ,
and in a part of the night praise Him , and after the fale of the stars .
at the star when it crashes !
your comrade has not gone astray , nor has he follow a seduction .
and he does not speak of his own discretion .
it &apos;s just a Wahy that is given as Wahy .
taught him one of enormous powers ,
of intelligence , then he just stood ,
while he was on the highest horizon ,
then he approached , then he descended ,
so he was ( as close ) as the distance between both ends of the arch or even closer ,
then he gave His servant as Wahy what he gave as Wahy .
the mind did not lie what it saw .
Do you doubt him what he sees ? !
and certainly , he certainly saw him before
at the outermost Sidra ,
with this is the Janna of the accommodation ,
there to the Sidra those who come .
neither did the gaze fail , nor did he exceed .
Surely he saw of the great ayats of his Lord !
how do you see it with Al - -@ lat and Al- &apos;uz -@ za
as well as the other Third Manat ? ! &quot;
is the male to you and being is the feminine ? !
this is certainly an unjust division .
they are only names that you and your ancestors have given , for which Allah sent down proof .
they only follow the speculation and what the souls desire , and surely the guidance came to them from their Lord .
or does man belong what he desires to man ? !
so Allah belongs to the last and the first .
and how many angels there are in the heavens , whose intercession is of no use , unless Allah agrees to whom He pleases and with whom He is pleased .
Certainly , those who do not internalize the Iman to the hereafter call the angels as the name of the feminine .
and they have no knowledge about it .
they only follow speculation , and speculation replaces the truth into nothingness .
so turn away from him who turns away from Our exhortation and wants exclusively the earthly life .
this is their achievements in knowledge .
Indeed , your Lord knows better of him who strayed from His way , and He knows better of him who found guidance .
and Allah belongs what is in the heavens and what is on the earth ; he will repay those who did evil what they did , and He will reward those who did Him with the better .
they are those who avoid the gravity of transgressions and abominations besides the trifles ; surely your Lord is of all-embracing forgiveness .
He knows better about you than He made you come forth from the earth , and when you were embryos in the bellies of your mothers , do not praise your Himself !
he knows better about the one who acts according to Taqwa .
how do you see it with the one who turned away
and gave a little , then abstained ? !
If he has the hidden with him , he sees ? !
was not communicated to him about what is in the writings of Musa
as well as Ibrahim , who kept ( what was offered to him ) ? !
that no burdened soul bears the burden of another ,
and that there is only that to man what he desired ,
and that his striving shall be seen ,
then he will be rewarded for the most complete retaliation will be rewarded ,
and that to your Lord is the final thing to your Lord ,
and that He is the One who laughed and wept ,
and that He is the One who died and enlivened ,
and that He created the duality , the male , and the female ,
from a Nutfa , when it is poured out ,
and that the other revival is incumbent upon Him ,
and that He is the One who became rich and possessed ,
and that He is the one who is the LORD of ashes is -@ schi &apos;rah ,
and that He destroyed the first &apos; Aad
as well as Thamud , then nothing left ,
as well as the people of Nuh before , surely they used to be those who committed even more injustice and even more transgressions .
and He crashed the turned things caused He to fall ,
so she covered what she covered .
in which of the benefits of your Lord do you doubt ?
this is a warning from the first warnings .
the approaching approached ,
for which there is nothing revealed instead of ALLAH .
you are amazed at this report ,
does not laugh and does not cry ,
while you are fun in arrogance ? !
so Sudschud for Allah and serve Him !
the hour was approaching and the moon split .
and when they see an Aya , they turn away and say , &quot; This is a constant magic . &quot;
and they denied , and followed their inclinations , and every matter has an end point .
and certainly , already came to them from the messages in which there was a warning .
it is a attaining wisdom , and what are the use of the warnings ?
so turn away from them .
on the day when the caller calls to something disapproved -
their eyes are humiliated , they come out of the graves , as if they were swarming out locusts ,
The Kafir say , &quot; This is a pretty difficult day . &quot;
before them the people of Nuh denied before them , so they accused Our servant of falsehood and said , &quot; He is mentally disturbed and obsessed . &quot;
then he addressed supplications to his Lord , saying , &quot; I am inferior , stand . &quot;
then We opened to you gates of heaven with poured masses of water ,
and We made springs spring from the earth , then the water met for a matter that had already been determined ,
and WE let him carried on some of planks and nails .
it drove under our supervision in retaliation for the one who used to operate Kufr .
and certainly , WE already left it as an Aya ! is there a remembering one ? !
So what were My tormenting and My adhitions ? !
and certainly , WE have already facilitated the Quran as a admonition . Is there a remembering ? !
&apos; Aad . So what were My punishment and My admonitions ? !
Certainly , We sent a cyrione over them on an ominous , lasting day ,
he pulled people out as if they were stumps of uprooted date palms .
So what were My tormenting and My adhitions ? !
and certainly , WE have already facilitated the Quran as a admonition ! Is there a remembering one ? !
Thamud denied the warnings .
then they said , &quot; Do we follow a single man of us ?
Certainly , we are going astray and in torment .
was he received the exhortation among us ?
no , but he is a boastful liar . &quot;
they will know tomorrow who the boastful liar is .
Certainly , We will send the female camel as Fitna for her , so wait for her and be more patient !
and tell them that the water is divided between them ; every drinking portion is only for those present .
then they called their companions , then he took ( the sword ) , then he hurt their legs .
So what were My tormenting and My adhitions ? !
Certainly , We sent a single cry about them , then they were like the stubble for the stable owner .
and certainly , WE have already facilitated the Quran as a admonition ! Is there a remembering one ? !
The people of Lut have denied the warnings .
Certainly , We sent over them a sandstorm besides the family of Lut , they saved WE from dawn ,
as a blessing of Us . in this way We repay the one who proves to be grateful .
and certainly , We already warned them against Our act of violence , then they doubted the warnings .
and certainly , already they tried to seduce him against his inclination and his guests , then WE extinguished their eyesight .
so experience My punishment and My warnings !
and certainly , already in the morning , in the morning , there came to them a punishment established over them ) came to them .
so experience My punishment and My warnings !
and certainly , WE have already facilitated the Quran as a admonition ! Is there a remembering one ? !
and surely the warnings came to Pharaoh &apos;s men .
they all denied Our Ayat , then We punished the punishment of One almighty Almighty .
are your kafir better than this ? !
or is there an declaration of innocence for you in the Scriptures ? !
or do they say , &quot; We are all victorious together &quot; ? !
the collection will still suffer a defeat and turn its back fleeing .
no , but the hour is their appointment , and the hour is even worse , even more bitter .
Certainly , those who are badely missing are in wanderring and in heat blood ,
on the day they are dragged on their faces in the fire , taste the touch of Saqar .
Certainly , We created every thing according to a provision .
and Our instruction is nothing more than a only one , like the moment .
and certainly , We have already destroyed your followers . Is there a remembering ? !
and all that they did is in the scriptures .
also every small and great is written down .
Certainly the Muttaqi are in Jannat and on rivers ,
at a seat of the truthful , with one almighty ruler .
the Mercy of Mergrace
taught the Quran ,
created man ,
taught him articulation .
the sun and the moon are according to a calculation .
and the trees and the trees carry out Sudschud .
and He lifted up the sky , and appointed Al -@ mizan :
&quot; does not commit any violations regarding Al -@ mizan
and keep the ( with Al -@ mizan ) and do not diminish Al -@ mizan ! &quot;
and He used the earth for the living beings .
on it are fruit and date trees with calyxes
as well as grains with stalks and leaves .
So , which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
he created man from salsal like clay
and created the jinn from smokeless fire .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
he is the LORD of both east and both westers .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
he had both seas meet ,
There is a separation between the two , they do not mingle .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
from both come forth pearls and corals .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
and to Him belong the built men by the sea like the mountains .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
all that is on her ( the earth ) passes away ,
and your Lord abides , Who with majesty and dignity .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
All who are in the heavens and on earth ask him ; every Yaum He is concerned with the affairs .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
We will still do you to Us , you humans and Jinn .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
her group of Jinn and people !
if you can penetrate the parts of the heavens and the earth , pervate !
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
he sends upon you both flames of fire and smoke , and you cannot help yourselves .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
and when the sky split , then red becomes like red leather .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
So on this day neither a man nor a jinn is questioned about his misense .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
the severely missing are known by their characteristics , then are dragged on the forehead hair and on the feet .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
this is Jahannam , who deny the severely missing .
they make the round in it ( Jahannam ) and boiling at extremely high temperature .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
and for him who is afraid of the conception of his Lord , there are two Jannah ,
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
which are of trees .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
in which there are two springs that flow .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
in which there is duality of every obstart .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
They are based on loungers , whose inlett is from Istabraq , and the harvest of both jannat is close .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
in the two there are restrained from the gaze , which neither a man nor a jinn flourished before them .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
as if they were like rubies and corals .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
is there a different reward for Ihsan than the Ihsan ? !
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
and besides them are two jannat .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
they are dark green .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
in them there are two springs that bubble .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
in them there are fruit , dates and pomegranates .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
in them are beautiful good .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
they are Hur -@ beings who have withdrawn in the tents .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
which neither a man nor a Jinn flourished before them .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
based on green pillows and beautiful carpets .
so which of the benefits of your Lord do you both deny ?
the name of your Lord , Who with majesty and dignity .
when the event happens ,
for its events there is no denial for its events .
it is prostrating , uplifting ,
when the earth is shaken with shaking
and the mountains will be smashed with smushing ,
then they become flying dust ,
and you became three duos .
so there are the companions from the right . what are the companions from the right ? !
also the companions of the evil sign . What are the companions of the evil sign ? !
also there are those who have the lead who have the head start ,
these are the nearby
in the Jannat of welfare ,
a group of the first
and a little of the last .
they are on weaved loungers ,
based on each other .
serve them eternal servants
with cups , jugs and drinking bowls from ( one ) wine source .
they do not get a headaches and they are not intoxicated .
and there is fruit from what they choose ,
as well as poultry meat from what they desire ,
as well as Hur- &apos;in ,
as if they were pearls preserved in shells ,
as a reward for what they used to do .
neither do they hear in it senseless talk , nor wrong
except the word , &quot; Salam , Salam ( be with you ) . &quot;
and the companions from the right . what are the companions from the right ? !
they are under coruled lotus trees
and adjacent acia trees .
and ( they have ) a spread out shadow
and cast water
and lots of fruit ,
that neither comes to an end , nor is forbidden ,
and upscale upholstery .
surely We let them rise in rise ,
then WE made them virginal
cuddly peers
for the companions from the right ,
a group of the first
and a group of the last .
and the companions from the left . what are the companions from the left ? !
they are in gierce winds and boiling
and in the black-jmenty shade ,
which is neither cool nor useful .
Certainly they were luxing before this
and used to insist on the mighty transgression .
they also used to say , &quot; Even though we died and became earth and bones , we will be awakened ,
even our first ancestors ? &quot;
say : &quot; Certainly , the first and the last
are undoubtedly be gathered for the appointment of a known day . &quot;
then you become denying strays
certainly feed from trees of Zaqum ,
then acout the bellies ,
then drink from the boiling ,
then drink like drinking the thirsty -@ sick camels .
this is their accommodation on the day of Din .
We created you . Would you would believe !
how do you see what you pour out on seeds ? !
are you the ones who create it , or are WE the Creator ? !
We determined death among you , and We shall not be foreed ,
that We may exchange your peers and let you arise in what you do not know .
and certainly , already you already know about the first creation , you would remember !
how do you see what you sow ?
are you the ones who make it grow , or are WE Who makes it grow ? !
If WE wanted it , surely We would make it crushed , then you would not cease to regret :
&quot; Certainly , we are losing -@ suffering .
no , but it was withheld from us . &quot;
how do you see the water you drink ? !
are you the ones who let it fall from the clouds , or are WE the Sending ? !
if WE wanted , WE would make it angry . if you would be grateful !
how do you see the fire that you kinddle ?
are you the ones who gave rise to its tree , or are WE the bringer ? !
We did it as an exhortation and consumer goods for those who moved around .
so praise with the name of your loalted Lord .
so I swear by the phases of the stars ,
and certainly , it is undoubtedly a tremendous oath , you would know !
Certainly , he &apos;s a noble Quran
in a preserved Scripture ,
that only the purified ones touch .
he is the gradual sending down from the Lord of all creation .
are you hypocritical about this report ? !
and you are grateful for your Rizq , that you may deny him ?
and if you had ( brought back the soul ) when it reached her throat ,
while you watch at this time .
and WE are closer to him than you , but you do not see .
and if you not be condemned ,
you would bring them back if you were true .
and if he was among the relatives ,
then there is rest , grace and a Janna of well-being .
and if he was among the companions of the right hand ,
then Salam shall be to you from your companions from the right hand .
and if he was one of the straring denial ,
then there is an accommodation of Siedendem
and throwing in into hell .
Certainly , this is the true certainty .
Praise with the name of your loalted Lord .
Allah praises all who are in the heavens and on the earth , and He is the Venighty , the Wise .
to him belongs the dominion of the heavens and the earth ; he enlivens and causes death , and He is Almighty over all things .
He is the One who has always been forth , The always abiding , The Obfest and the One , and He is omniscient about all .
he is the one who created the heavens and the earth in six Ay -yoyam , then turned to Al &apos;ahrsch .
he knows what goes into the earth , what comes out of it , what descends from heaven and what comes up to him .
and He is with you where you are .
and Allah is all-seeing of what you do .
to him belongs the dominion of the heavens and the earth , and Allah are subject to affairs .
he lets the night flow into the day , and lets the day flow into the night ; and He is omniscient of it in his breasts .
internalize the Iman of Allah and His Messenger and donate from that in which He made you trustepers .
for those of you who internalized and donated the Iman , a great reward is established .
and why do you not remember Iman in Allah , while the Messenger calls you to internalize Iman in your Lord ? ! and He has already accepted your vow if you should be a momin .
He is the one who sent down to his servant clear Ayat to his servant , that He may bring you out from the darkness to the light , and surely , Allah is all-kind to you , merciful to you .
and why do you not donate fi -@ sabilillah , and Allah belongs the legacy of the heavens and the earth ? !
not the same is the one of you who donated and fought before taking it ( of Mecca ) ( the one who did not ) .
these have a higher position than those who donated and fought afterwards .
and both promised Allah the beauty .
and Allah is familiar of what you do .
who is this who gives a beautiful loan to Allah ( His cause ) a beautiful loan ? ! then He will multiply this to him , and for him a noble reward is appointed .
on that day when you see the Moomin--@ men and the Moomin--@ women , their light is running before them and with their right : &quot; There is a good news for you today - Jannat , who have flowed by rivers , as everar in it . &quot;
this is the tremendous success .
on that day when the Munafiq -@ men and the Munafiq -@ women said to those who internalized the Iman , &quot; Wait for us , that we may profit from your light , &quot; it is said , &quot; go back to the back , then look for light . &quot;
then a dividing wall was erected between them , which has a door , in the inside of which is grace , while outside there is tormenting .
they call them , &quot; Wen we with you ? &quot;
they said , &quot; Yes , for certainty , but you have left yourselves to Fitna , waited and doubted , and you were deceived by your hopes until Allah &apos;s instruction came .
and Allah deceived you the deceptive .
so today neither you are not receive a substitute , nor from those who have done Kufr ; your dwellitation is the fire .
it is your Maula . and pathetic is becoming . &quot;
is it not yet time for those who internalized the Iman that their hearts are awe to Allah &apos;s remembrance and what has been revealed from the truth , and that they do not become like those to whom the Scripture was given beforehand , then for them for the time , then their hearts became hard ? !
and many of them are Fasiq .
Know that Allah certainly enlivens the earth after its death , We have already explained to you the Ayat to you so that you may understand .
Certainly , the donating men , the donating women and those who give Allah a Hasan -@ loan , it is multiplied and for them a nice reward is destined .
and those who internalized Iman in Allah and His messengers are the utmost truthful , and the witnesses of their Lord ; they have their reward and their light .
and those who have practiced Kufr and denied Our Ayat are the companions of hell .
Know that earthly life is only pleasure , distraction , ornament , importance among you and increase of wealth and children .
it is like abundant rain , whose plant growth pleases the kafir , then it dries up ( the plant growth ) , and you see it turn yellow , then it becomes crushed , and in the afterlife there is hard torment and forgiveness of Allah and pleasure .
but earthly life is nothing but consumer material of deception .
compete for forgiveness from your Lord , and a Jannah whose breadth of which is like the breadth of heaven and earth , she was prepared for those who internalized Iman in Allah and His Messenger ; this is Allah &apos;s favor which He grants to whom He wills , and Allah is of immense favor .
There is neither evil on earth , nor yourselves , without it being in a scripture before We created it ; surely this is easy for Allah .
lest you mourn for what has escaped you , and rejoice exceedingly glad in what has been granted to you .
and Allah does not love every important bouncer ,
those who stingy and command stingice to people .
and whoever turns away is certainly Allah The absolute self-sufficient , the All-Praiseworthy .
Certainly , We have already sent Our messengers with the clear signs , and sent down with them the Scripture and Al -mizan , that men may exercise justice . And We sent down the iron , in which there is fierce violence and useful for the people , and thus make Allah recognizable whoever assists His ( Din ) and His Messenger in secret .
and surely We had already sent Nuh and Ibrahim , departing in their descendants be the prophethood and the Scriptures in their descendants .
so some of them are guided , and many of them are Fasiq .
Then We sent Our messengers in their footsteps , and sent &apos; Isa Ibnu -@ Maryam and gave him Alinjil .
and We put in the hearts of those who followed him the mercy and grace and monasticism which they invented , which We did not impose on them , except in the pursuit of Allah &apos;s pleasure ; but they did not observe it as he deserves .
then We gave their reward to those of them who internalized Iman , and many of them are Fasiq .
you who have internalized Iman !
Taqwa acts according to Allah and internalizes the Iman of His Messenger , then He grants you two parts of His grace , makes for you light with which you go , and forgives you , and Allah is Forgiving , all-gracious .
so that the scribes may know with certainty that they have no power over anything of Allah &apos;s favor , and that favor is certainly subject to Allah , He will prove them to whom He pleases .
and Allah is of immense favor .
Allah heard the statement of those who disputed with you about her husband and complained before Allah , and Allah heard your dialogue .
Those of you who pronounced to your wives Zihar are certainly not their mothers ; surely their mothers are only those who gave birth to them .
and surely , they say something disapproved of what has been said and falsehood , and surely , Allah is faithful , all forgiving .
and from those who pronounced to their wives Zihar , then take back what they said , it is considered ( as Kaffara ) the liberation of an unfree before both touch intimately , and you will be admonished , and Allah is aware of what you do .
So whoever is not able to do this , he fast for two consecutive months before both touch intimately .
and whoever cannot , then he feeds sixty arms , this , that you may internalize the Iman of Allah and His Messenger .
and these are ALLAH &apos;s guidelines .
and for the kafir a excruciating punment is destined for the Kafir .
Certainly , those who oppose Allah and His Messenger were put down as those were put down before them , and We have already sent down clear Ayat .
and for the kafir is humiliating punishment is destined for the kafir .
on the day when they are all awakened , He will tell them concerning what they did .
Allah covered it in detail while they forgot it , and Allah is a witness above all .
have you not perceive that Allah knows all that is in the heavens and on earth ?
There is neither a secret conversation of three , without He being their fourth , nor of five , without Him being their sixth , nor of less than this , or more , without He being with them where they are ; and He will notify them of what they did on the Day of Resurrection .
Certainly , Allah is omniscient about all .
Did you not see those who have been forbidden the secret conversation , then they still return to what was forbidden to them and secretly talk about the failure , transgression and contradictory of the messenger ?
and when they come to you , they greet you with what Allah did not greet you , and say within them , &quot; Allah would torment us for what we say ! &quot;
Jahannam is enough for them , they are thrown into it ; so becoming is miserable .
you who have internalized Iman !
if you speak confidentially , do not talk confidentially about the failure , transgression and contradiction of the Messenger , and talk confidentially about the benevolent action and the Taqwa !
The secret conversation is only from Satan , so that you may make you sad of those who internalized Iman sad , but he will do them in nothing except with ALLAH &apos;s consent , and the Moomin Tawakkul are to practice .
you who have internalized Iman !
if you are told , &quot; Make room while sitting , &quot; then make room , may Allah make you room .
and when it is said to you , &quot; Arise , &quot; then arise ; Allah exalts those of you who internalized the Iman , and those who have been given knowledge .
and Allah is aware of what you do .
you who have internalized Iman !
if you wish to talk to the Messenger , give a sadaqa before your confidential conversation .
this is better for you and purer .
and if you are not , so surely , Allah is Forgiving , merciful .
Are you afraid to admit Sadaqa before your confidential conversation ? !
and if you do not , and Allah has already accepted your repentance , perform the ritual prayer , pay the zakat , and obey Allah and His Messenger !
and Allah is aware of what you do .
Did you not see those who took people about whom Allah is angry about when Wali ? !
they are neither of you nor of them , and they swear by falsehood while they know .
Allah prepared them a painizing punment , surely it was bad what they used to do .
they took their oaths as a shield , then they kept away from ALLAH &apos;s way .
neither their wealth nor their children will profit them before Allah ; they are the companions of the fire , they shall abide therein forever .
on the day when He awakens them all , they will swear to Him as they swear to you , and they think they have something ( useful ) .
they are the actual liars .
Satan took possession of them , and made them forget Allah &apos;s remembrance .
these are the party of Satan .
Yes , undoubtedly ! the party of Satan are the real losers .
Certainly , those who oppose Allah and His Messenger are among the lowest .
Allah wrote : &quot; Yet I and My messengers will win . &quot;
you find no people who internalize Iman in Allah and the Last Day , those who resisted Allah and His Messenger , even if they were their fathers , their sons , their brothers , or their relatives .
these are the ones in whose hearts He established the Iman and whom He strengthened with rest from Him .
and He causes them to enter into Jannath , which are crossed by rivers , in which they are eternal .
Allah is pleased with them and they are pleased with Him .
these are the ALLAH ( loyal ) party .
yes , undoubtedly ! the ALLAH ( loyal ) party is the real successful .
Allah praises all who are in the heavens and on the earth , and He is the Venighty , the Wise .
he is the one who had those of the scribes who operated Kufr driven out from their dwellings for the first expulsion .
ye thought not that they would come out , and they thought that their castles would protect them from Allah ; and Allah came to them from there , wherewith they did not reckon , and threw terror into their hearts .
they destroyed their houses with their own hands and the hands of the Moomin .
and if Allah had not determined the deportation for them , He would have tormented them in this world , and for them in the Hereafter the tormenting of fire is determined for them in the Hereafter .
this because they resisted Allah and His Messenger , and whoever opposes Allah , that is , Allah is severe in punishment .
and you have not fallen a young date palm , or let it stand on its roots except with ALLAH &apos;s consent , and so that He may humiliate the Fasiq .
and that which Allah made a prey to His messenger of them a prey , you have not let horses nor riding camels run ; but Allah lets His messengers go action against those whom He wills , and Allah is almighty over all .
That which ALLAH made prey to His Messenger a prey of the inhabitants of the towns , so this is for ALLAHs , for the Messenger , for those of kinship , for the orphans , for the poor , and for the traveller in need , lest he rotate ( the wealth ) not ( only ) rotate among the rich of you .
and what the messenger gave you , take it ; and what he forbade you , let it .
and acts toward Taqwa according to Allah ! surely , Allah is harsh in punishments .
It is for the hiji poor who have been expelled from their dwellings and assets , they strive for favor of Allah and pleasure , and they stand by ALLAHs ( Din ) and His Messenger , who are the real truthful .
and those who already inhabited the abode ( Madina ) and the Iman before them , love those who made Hijrah to them , and they find in their breasts no desire for what was given to them , and they prefer others before themselves , even when they are in need .
and whoever is protected from the avinginess of his ego are the real successful .
and those who came after them say , Our Lord !
Forgive us and our brothers and sisters who internalized Iman before us , and do not let resentment in our hearts to those who internalized Iman .
Our Lord !
Certainly , YOU are all-kind , merciful . &quot;
you have not seen those who have done Nifaq , they say to their brothers of the scribes who operated Kufr : &quot; If you were driven out , we would surely go away with you and not obey anyone to you at all , and if you were to fight , we would help you ! &quot;
and Allah testifies that they are certainly liars .
if they were driven out , they would not leave with them , and if they were fought , they would not help them , and if they would help them , if they would turn their backs , then they would not be helped .
Certainly , you are more terrifying in their hearts than Allah .
this , because they are people who do not understand .
they do not fight against you together , except in fortified villages or from behind walls ; their violence among themselves is violent .
you suspect them united while their hearts are different , because they are people who do not reflect .
like those before them recently , they experienced the evil consequences of their matter , and for them is excruciating torment .
like Satan , when he said to man , &quot; Carve Kufr , &quot; and after he had done Kufr , he said , &quot; Surely I am loosed from you ; I am afraid of Allah , the Lord of all creation . &quot;
so was the next of both was that they are eternal in the fire therein .
and this is the retaliation of the injustice .
you who have internalized Iman !
Taqwa acts according to Allah , and a soul shall look for what it sent before for tomorrow !
and acts to Taqwa according to Allah ; surely Allah is aware of what you do .
and are not like those who forgot Allah , then He made them forget themselves .
these are the real Fasiq .
The companions of the fire and the companions of the Janna , the companions of Janna are the real winners .
We would send this Quran down to a mountain , certainly , you would see it humbly , splitting from the reverwe of Allah .
and these parables shape WE on people , so that they may reflect .
He is Allah , the One except Whom there is no Deity , the omniscient of the Hidden and the Visible .
He is Allah , The one except Whom there is no deity , The Ruler , The absolutely pure , The Absolutely Immaculate , The Security , The One who has everything , The All-ighty , The All-Compelling , The One who stands above everything .
subhanallah about what they do at Schirk .
he is Allah , The Creating , The One worthy to existence , The Formaping , to him belong the most beautiful names .
All that is in the heavens and on earth praises Him , and He is the All-ighty , The Wise .
you who have internalized Iman , do not take My enemy and your enemy as Wali .
you show them love , while they have already done Kufr of what came to you from the truth ; they drive out the Messenger and you , because you have internalized the Iman in Allah your Lord .
you should have gone away on My way and in the pursuit of My pleasure ( so do not take them as Wali ) , you secretly tell them love , and I know better about what you conceal and what you reveal .
and whoever does it of you , he has already missed the right way .
if they overcome against you , they will be enemies to you , and their hands and their tongues against you with evil ; and they wished that you would commit Kufr .
Neither your relatives nor your children will benefit you ; on the Day of Resurrection judge Allah among you , and Allah is all-seeing of what you do .
We practice Tawakkul , we turn to You and to You is the becoming .
Our Lord !
Let us not be a Fitna for those who practiced Kufr , and forgive us , our Lord ! - surely , YOU are The All-ighty , The Wise ! &quot;
Certainly , there was already been a beautiful example for you for anyone who hopes for Allah and the Last Day .
and whoever turns away , so surely , Allah is the absolute self-sufficient , the All-Praiseworthy .
Perhaps Allah may give rise to love between you and those of them whom you have hostile .
and Allah is omnipotent , and Allah is Forgiving , merciful .
Allah does not forbid you those who did not fight you for the sake of you and have not driven you out of your dwellings , to meet them with goodness and to treat them rightestly ; surely , Allah loves the righteous .
Allah forbids you only those who fought you for the sake of you , driven you out of your dwellings and assisted in your expulsion , assisted you to take them as Wali .
and whoever takes them as Wali , these are the actual injustice .
you who have internalized Iman !
When the Moomin -@ women come to you hijra -@ come to you , then examine her , Allah knows better about her Iman .
and if you recognize her as a momin , do not send her back to the kafir !
neither they ( the Moomin -@ women ) are halal to them ( the Kafir ) , nor are they halal to them , and give them ( the kafir ) what they spent ( as a bridal gift ) .
and there is no offult if you marry them , if you give them their bride , and do not keep the Kafir -@ spouse !
and ask what you spend , and they shall ask what they spent ; this is Allah &apos;s decision .
He judges among you , and Allah is omniscient , Wise .
and if one of your spouses overflow to the kafir , and you retaliate , then give the same to those whose wives went the same as what they spent , and act to Taqwa according to Allah , to Whom you internalize the Iman .
Prophet !
when the Moomin -@ women come to you to give you Bai &apos;a , that they neither do anything in Shirk , nor steal , nor commit Zina , nor kill their children , nor bring false things , which they invent between their hands and legs , and still oppose you in the approved , then take from them their Bai &apos;a from them , and ask forgiveness for them .
you who have internalized Iman !
Do not take people as Wali , over whom Allah is angry , but they have already desperate on the afterlife , as the Kafir desperate on the companions of the tombs .
Allah praises all who are in the heavens and on the earth , and He is the Venighty , the Wise .
you who have internalized Iman !
why do you say what you don &apos;t do ? !
it is something serious evil with Allah that you say what you do not do .
Certainly , Allah loves those who fight on His way in line , as if they were a compact construction .
and when Musa said to his people , &quot; My people , why do you offend me , when you already know that I am Allah &apos;s messenger to you ? &quot;
and when they departed , Allah made their hearts depart .
and ALLAH does not quite guide the fisq -@ operating people .
and ( remember ) when &apos; Isa Ibnu -@ Maryam said : &quot; Children Israil !
Certainly I am ALLAH &apos;s messenger to you , confirming what was before me of At -@ derat , and delivering a glad tidings from a messenger who comes after me , whose name is Ahmad ( Promised ) . &quot;
and when he came to them with the clear signs , they said , &quot; This is a clear magic . &quot;
and no one commits more injustice than the one who invented lies in the name of ALLAH while being invited to Islam .
and ALLAH does not quite guide the wrongly directs -@ commating people .
they want to extinguish Allah &apos;s light with their mouths , and Allah will make His light complete , even then , the kafir would be averse to it .
he is the one who sent His Messenger with the guidance and the Din of Truth , so that He might make him surpass all Din , even then , the mussry would be averse .
you who have internalized Iman !
shall I draw your attention to a trade that saves you from a painful torment ? !
you internalize the Iman of Allah and His messenger , and render jihad fi -@ sabilillah with your assets and yourself ; this is better for you , you would know .
He forgives you your transgressions , and makes you enter into Jannath , which are crossed by rivers , as well as into beautiful dwellings in &apos; Adn -@ jannat , which is the tremendous gain .
and something else you love - assistance from Allah and a near victory .
and bring good news to the momin !
you who have internalized Iman !
be assiby for ALLAHs ( Din ) , as &apos; Isa Ibnu -@ Maryam said to the disciples , &quot; Who are my assiby to Allah ? &quot; the disciples said , &quot; We are the assiby for ALLAHs ( Din ) . &quot;
then a group of the children of Israel internalized the Iman , and Kufr pursued one ( another ) group , then We supported those who internalized the Iman against their enemy , then they became transgresors .
Allah praises all who are in the heavens and on the earth , the Lord , the absolute pure , the All-ighty , the All-Wise .
he is the one who sent to the illiterate a messenger of them to the illiterate , who recites His Ayat to them , purifies them , and teaches them Scripture and Wisdom , and they were in a clear miseption .
also to others of them who have not yet joined them , and He is the Venighty , The Wise .
This is Allah &apos;s favor which HE grants to whom He pleases , and Allah is of immense favor .
The pareness of those to whom At -@ taurat was imposed and then did not bear them is like the likeness of the donkey who wears books ; pathetic is the parable of the people who denied ALLAHs Ayat .
and ALLAH does not quite guide the wrongly directs -@ commating people .
say : &quot; You , the Jews became !
If you claim that you are Wali for Allah instead of all men , then desire death , if you were true . &quot;
and they never wish him because of what they did by hand , and Allah is omniscient about the injustice .
Say : &quot; Certainly , the death from which you flee will still meet you , then you will be sent back to the Omniscient about the Hidden and the Visible , then He will inform you about what you used to do .
you who have internalized Iman !
when called to the ritual prayer of Friday , then strive to commemorate Allah and let go of the business , which is better for you , you would know .
and when the ritual prayer is ended , scatter in the land , strive for Allah &apos;s favor , and remember Allah , that you may succeed .
and when they saw trade or pleasure , they went there in hurste and left you standing .
say : &quot; What is with Allah is better than the pleasure and than the trade , and Allah is the best of the Rizq -@ . &quot;
When the Munafiq came to you , they said , &quot; We testify that you are Allah &apos;s messenger . &quot;
and Allah knows that you are His Messenger , and Allah testifies , &quot; Surely the Munafiq are liars . &quot;
They took their oaths as a shield , then they kept away from Allah &apos;s way , and surely it became bad what they used to do .
This , because they declared Iman , then practiced Kufr , so their hearts were sealed , so they do not understand .
and when you see them , you please their figures , and when they speak , you listen to what has been said .
Certainly , they resemble supported woods , they suspect every cry against them .
they are the true enemy , and beware of them .
Allah fight them .
how are they dissuaded ? !
and when it is said to them , &quot; Come , that Allah &apos;s messenger may ask forgiveness for you , &quot; they turn away their heads , and you see them turning away as they rise in arrogance .
It is the same for them whether you ask forgiveness for them or do not ask forgiveness for them .
Allah will never forgive them !
Certainly , Allah does not guide the fisq -@ operating people .
they are the ones who say , &quot; Do not donate to those who are to Allah &apos;s messengers to go apart . &quot;
and Allah the magazines of the heavens and the earth , but the Munafiq do not understand it .
they say , &quot; When we return to Madina , the more worthy of her will drive out the lower . &quot;
and the dignity belongs to Allah , His Messenger and the Moomin , but the Munafiq do not know .
you who have internalized Iman !
Let neither your assets nor your children distract you from Allah &apos;s commmembrance !
and whoever does this , these are the real losers .
and give of the Rizq , which We granted you before death comes to one of you , and he will say , &quot; My Lord , if YOU had granted me postponement until a near time , then I will donate and be of those who are pleasing to God . &quot;
and Allah will never postpone a soul when its term comes , and Allah is aware of what you do .
Allah praises all who are in the heavens and on the earth . He belongs the dominion , and all praise is due to Him , and He is Almighty over all things .
He is the one who created you , so some of you are Kafir and some of you Moomin , and Allah is all-seeing of what you do .
He created the heavens and the earth in lawfulness , and formed you , then made your figures beautiful , and to Him is the becoming .
He knows this in the heavens and on the earth , and He knows what you hide and what you reveal ; and Allah is omniscient of that in the breasts .
came to you not the message about those who previously operated Kufr ? !
then they learned the evil consequences of their matter , and for ( they ) is excruciating torment is destined for ( them ) .
this , because their messengers used to come to them with clear signs , then they said , &quot; People guide us right ? &quot;
then they ran Kufr and turned away .
and Allah is not dependent on anyone . and Allah is absolutely self-sufficient , praiseworthy .
those who operated Kufr claimed that they would not be awakened .
Say : &quot; Yet , with certainty , with my Lord , for you will be awakened , and you will undoubtedly be informed concerning what you have done .
and this is easy for Allah . &quot;
so internalize Iman of Allah , His Messenger , and the light that We sent down .
and Allah is familiar of what you do .
( remember ) the day when he brings you together for the day of bringing together . This is the ( accusment ) day of overadvantage , and whoever internalizes Iman and does it good to God , He forgives his wrrupal deeds and lets him enter into Jannat , which have flowed by rivers , they are eternally in it forever . This is the tremendous gain .
and those who practiced Kufr and denied Our Ayat , these are the companions of the fire , they are eternally in it they are , and wretched is the becoming .
There was nothing of misfortune except with Allah &apos;s consent , and whoever internalizes Iman , He guides his heart right , and Allah is omniscient about all .
and obey Allah , and obey the Messenger ; if you then turn away , it is only on our Messenger to proclaim .
He is Allah , there is no deity but Him , and the Moomins should practice Tawakkul !
you who have internalized Iman !
Certainly , of your spouses and your children there are enemies for you , so beware of them .
and if you release it , look old , and forgive it , so surely , Allah is Forgiving , merciful .
your assets and your children are only Fitna , and with Allah there is a tremendous reward .
so Taqwa acts according to Allah as you can , listen , obey , and do good for yourself , and whoever is protected from the avarice of his ego are the real successful .
If you give Allah a Hasan -@ loan , He will multiply you and forgive you , and Allah is abundantly rewarding , all-lenient .
He is The Omniscient of the Hidden and the Visible , The All-ighty , The Wise .
and when they reach their appointed time , keep them in equity , or separate yourselves from them according to what has been approved , and let two upright of you testify to this , and bear the testimony for the sake of Allah .
with this the one who internalizes the Iman in Allah and the Last Day is admonished .
and whoever acts towards Taqwa according to Allah , He makes a way out
and gives him Rizq from there , wherewith he does not count .
and whoever practices Allah over Tawakkul , He is sufficient for him .
Certainly , Allah will help His instruction to validity , and Allah has already done something specific for every matter .
and those of your wives who no longer expect menstruation - should you have doubts , so is their &apos; Idda is for three months , as well as for those who have not yet had menstruation , and for the pregnant women , whose term ends when they have released , and ( who ) Taqwa acts according to Allah , He grants relief in his matter .
This is Allah &apos;s instruction which He sent down to you , and whoever acts toward Taqwa according to Allah , He forgives him his wrleal deeds , and makes for him the reward mighty for him .
Let them dwell where you dwell , according to your wealth , and do them no harm to distpress them .
and if they be pregnant , they shall give them sustenance until they have delivered ; and if they breastfeed for you , give them their reward .
and call one another to be approved , and if you have difficulties with one another , another will be quiet for him .
the wealthy shall grant his fortune for maintenance , and to whom little Rizq , he shall give maintenance of what Allah granted him .
Allah is not incumbent of any soul but what He granted it .
Allah will relax according to the confinement .
and how many towns resisted the command of their Lord and His messengers , then We reckted with them with a harsh reckoning , and We tormented them a horadful punishment .
then they learned the evil consequences of their business , and the end of their business was loss .
Allah gave them a hard punment .
so act Taqwa according to Allah , to you with understanding , who internalized the Iman ! already Allah sent down to you a adhortation ,
a messenger who clearly recites you Allah Ayat , so that He may bring out those who have internalized Iman and have done good pleasing to God into the light from the darkness into the light .
and whoever internalizes Iman in Allah and does good pleasing to God , He makes him enter into Jannat , which are crossed by rivers , they are eternally in it they are .
Allah is the One Who created seven heavens and is unpeeled from the earth .
the instruction gradually descends between them , so that you may know that Allah is omnipotent over all things , and that Allah already embraced everything with knowledge .
Prophet !
why do you declare haram what Allah declared halal ? !
are you striving for the satisfaction of your wives ? !
and ALLAH is allver -@ giving , merciful .
already Allah prescribes to you the release of your oaths , and Allah is your Maula . and He is the Knowing , the Wise .
and ( remember ) , when the Prophet entrusted a report as a secret to some of his wives , then she informed him ( others ) and Allah informed him of it , he made some of it and omitted some .
and when he told her about it , she said , &quot; Who told you this ? &quot;
he said , &quot; I was told the Knowing , the Knowing . &quot;
If you both repent of Allah , your hearts departed ; and when you unite against him , Allah is his Maula , as well as Jibril , and the good of the Moomin , and the angels follow one another .
Perhaps his Lord exes him when he divorts you to Talaq -@ parvorce , other witves who are better than you , who are islam -yopracticing , iman -@ contemerning , much praying , repenting , serving Allah , fasting / hijrah -@ , not virgin and virgin .
protect yourselves and yours from a fire whose fuel is men and the stones , over him ( the fire ) are strict , hard angels who do not oppose Allah in what He commanded them , and they do what is commanded them .
you who have done Kufr !
Do not apologize today !
you will only be rewarded for what you used to do .
you who have internalized Iman !
Repent of Allah with a sincere repentance , perhaps your Lord will redeem you your wickless deeds and let you enter into Jannat , which have been crossed by rivers , on the day when Allah does not humiliate the Prophet and those who internalized Iman with him .
their light runs before them and on their right hand , they say , &quot; Our Lord !
Make our light complete and forgive us ; you are omnipotent above all else . &quot;
Prophet !
make jihad against the Kafir and the Munafiq , and be strict with them !
and their lodging is Jahannam . and pathetic is becoming .
Allah coined a parable for those who did Kufr , the wife of Nuh and the wife of Lut . Both were with two servants of Our servants , who were God-pleasing to God , then both ( women ) committed treason against them , then both used nothing to them ( their wives ) before Allah . and it was said : &quot; Enter into the fire with the entrants ! &quot;
and Allah coined a parable for those who internalized Iman , Pharaoh &apos;s wife , when she said , &quot; My Lord !
Build for me with you a house in Jannah , and deliver me from Pharaoh and his doings , and deliver me from the unjust people . &quot;
Likewise , Maryam Ibnatu -@ Imran , who kept her chastity , then We breathed into her a glory from Us , and she considered the words of her Lord and His writings to be true , and was one of the ever servants .
more and more loalted is He who holds dominion , and He is alnipotent over all things ,
Who created death and life , that He might test you which of you is better in doing , and He is the All-ighty , the Forgiving .
who created the seven heavens strfied on each other , you see nothing disharmony in the creation of the Mergrace you see nothing in disharmony .
so look repeatedly , do you see anything of cracks ? !
then look twice repeatedly , so the gaze returns to you rejected , while it is overtired .
and surely We already adorned the lowest heaven with lamps , and made them stoning for the satans ; and We prepared for them the tormenting of the heat .
and for those who have done Kufr to their Lord , the punishment of Jahannam is ordained ; and wretched is the becoming .
when they are thrown into them , they hear of their shouting as she cooks over .
Again and again when a group is thrown into it , they are asked by their representatives : &quot; Was there no warner come to you ? ! &quot;
they said , &quot; Yes , for certainty , already a warner came to us , then we denied and said , &quot; Allah sent nothing gradually down , you are only in a great miseption . &quot;
and they said , &quot; If we had listened or remembered , we would not have be among the companions of the heat . &quot;
so they admitted their transgression , so destruction be to the companions of the flow heat .
Certainly those who have reverence of their Lord in secret , for whom are destined for forgiveness and great reward .
and conceals your expression or reveals it , surely , He is omniscient of that in the breasts .
does the one who created does not have knowledge , while He is the All-Mercient , The All-ighty ? !
He is the one who made the earth yielding for you , so go about in its regions and eat of His rior , and to Him is the resurrection .
do you feel safe from Him , Whose ( instruction ) is in heaven , that He sinks the earth with you , and that it trembles immediately ?
or do you feel safe from Him , Whose ( instruction ) in heaven is that He sends a sandstorm over you ? ! you will still know what My warning is .
and certainly , those who were before them already denied , so what was My disapproval ? !
did they not see above them the birds with outstretched wings , and they feed them in ?
no one holds them except the Teach to the Mergrace . Certainly He is seeing above all things .
or who is this who is a helper for you and assists you instead of those who prove the Mergrace ?
the kafir are only in deception .
or who is this who grants you Rizq if He withheld His Rizq ? !
no , but exaggerate them in transgression and inclination .
is the one who walks to the ground with his face guided or the one who walks upright on a straightforward path ? !
Say : &quot; He is the one who made you arise , and He made you your hearing , your eyes and your understanding . &quot;
Say , &quot; He is the one who caused you multiply on earth , and to Him you will be gathered . &quot;
and they say , &quot; When is this threat , should you be true ? &quot;
Say : &quot; The knowledge is only with Allah , and I am only a clear warner . &quot;
and after they had seen them near , the faces of those who did Kufr were grieved , and it was said , &quot; This is what you used to ask . &quot;
Say : &quot; How do you see it ? If Allah destroys me and those with me or shows mercy , who gives the kafir protection from a excruciating torment ? &quot;
Say : &quot; He is the Mergrace . In Him we internalized the Iman and towards Him we practice Tawakkul . &quot; so you will still know who is in the clear miseption .
Say , &quot; How do you see it ? when your water runs dry , who will bring you running water ? &quot;
Nuun .
at Al -@ qalam and what they write in lines !
you are not a disturbed because of the benefit of your Lord .
and surely , for you a non-outgoing reward is destined for you .
and surely you have an excellent character .
so you &apos;ll still have some insight , and they have an insight
about which of you is the Fitna -@ is plagued .
Certainly your Lord knoweth better of him who strayed from His way , and He knows better of the guided .
so do not listen to the deniers .
they wished you would blow up , then they bed .
and do not listen to every humiliated much -@ swearing ,
( the ) exposing , spreading Namima ,
preventing the good , causing aggression , missing much
and is flay , is also a bastard .
( this only ) because he had wealth and children .
when Our Ayat were told to him , he said , &quot; They are legends of the former . &quot;
We will brand him on the trunk .
Certainly , WE checked how WE tested the owners of Janna when they swore to harvest them in the morning
and leave nothing out .
then through them swirled a whirlling from Yahweh swirled through them as they were asleep ,
then it became like the harvested .
then they shouted to each other in the morning :
&quot; go in the morning to your farmland in the morning , if you should be those who come away . &quot;
then they started as they whispered at each other :
&quot; Under no circumstances does she enter you a needy person today . &quot;
and they were able to keep away in the morning .
and when they saw them , they said , &quot; Surely we were mistaken .
no , but we are excluded . &quot;
the midone of them said , &quot; I did not tell you : would you only praise ? &quot;
they said , &quot; Blessed is our Lord !
Certainly , we were wrong -@ Acating . &quot;
then some of them turned to the other , they reproached each other ,
they said , &quot; Our decline !
Certainly we were transgressors .
Hopefully our Lord will exchange us better than them , surely we are Allah to the petitioners . &quot;
Such is the tormenting , and the tormenting of the afterlife is even greater if they only knew it .
Certainly , for the Muttaqi there is with their Lord the jannat of welfare with their Lord .
do WE let the Muslims be like the seriously missing ? !
what about you , how do you judge ? !
or do you have a writing in which you read ,
that it is yours what you choose ?
or do We owe you sufficient vows until the Day of Resurrection , that it is yours what you judge ?
ask them which of them claims this !
or do they have ( ALLAH ) parties ? !
then they shall bring their ( ALLAH ) associate , should they be true !
on the day when something serious is uncovered and they are invited to the Sudschud , then it cannot ,
their eyes are lowered ( with awe ) , and humiliation overcomes them , and they have already been called to the Sudschud when they were safe .
so leave Me with those who deny this communication , WE will attract it from where they do not know .
and I grant them postponement . Certainly , My planning is strong .
or do you require wages from them , so that they are burdened by their obligation ?
or do they have the hidden with them , they write ? !
So train patience with the destiny of your Lord , and be not as the companion of the fish , when he called while he was afflicted .
had a benefit had not overtaken him from his Lord , he would have been cast into the bare land while he was rebuked .
then his Lord chose him , and He made him of those who were pleasing to God .
and those who did Kufr almost brought you down with their eyes when they heard the adhortation , and they said , &quot; Surely he is disturbed by the mind . &quot;
and he ( the Quran ) is nothing but exhortation for all creation .
Al files -@ haqa ,
What is Al -@ haqa ? !
and what do you know what Al -@ haqa is ? !
Thamud and &apos; Aad denied the victim .
therefore , with regard to Thamud , they were destroyed by the transgression .
and concerning &apos; Aad , they were destroyed by a very violent cyclone .
He added it to them seven nights and eight days in a row , so you see people stretched down to the ground as if they were fallen date palm stumps .
so do you see something else of them ? !
and Pharaoh , those who were before him , and those who were turned with the reprehensible ,
then they resisted the messenger of their Lord , and We besieuted them with excessive distutes .
certainly , when the water flooded , We carried you in the floating ,
that We may make them a exhortation for you , and that a conscious ear may make it conscious .
so if in As -@ sur a single blow is pushed in As -@ sur ,
and the earth and the mountains will be carried , then crushed with a single push ,
on that day the end of the events occurred ,
and heaven was divided , for on that day he was frail that day ,
and the angels are in his edges ; and Al &apos;ahrsh from thy Lord bear over them that day .
on this day you will be introduced , not a hidden thing remains secret from you .
so as to the one to whom his register is given with the right hand , he said : &quot; Take , read my register !
Certainly , I knew I would certainly meet my reckoning . &quot;
so he is in a pleasing life ,
in a high Janna ,
whose fruits are close .
eat and drink well for what you have presented in the past few days .
and as to the one to whom his register is given with the left , he said : &quot; I had not received my register ,
and do not know what my reckoning is !
he ( death ) would have been the final !
my fortune did not benefit me .
my power has left me . &quot;
&quot; You shall take him , immediately captivate him ,
then throw it into hell ,
then slip into a chain whose length is seventy cubits !
Certainly , he used to internalize the Iman to Allah , not to internalize the Most One
and not to spur the feeding of the needy .
so there is no a close friend for him here
nor food besides of water full of pus ,
that no one eats but the missing . &quot;
so I swear by what you have insight into ,
and at what you have no insight ,
surely , he is undoubtedly the word of a noble Messenger ,
and he is not the word of a poet ; it is a little to internalize Iman .
Neither is he the word of a divineller ; it is a little that you reflect .
he is the gradual sending down from the Lord of all creation .
and if he had invented in Our name something invented in Our name ,
surely We would have taken away his right hand away from him ,
then cut the main artery .
so there is none of you to hold it from him .
and surely he is an exhortation to the Muttaqi .
and surely We know that there are denial among you .
and surely he is a self-accusation for the Capafir .
and surely he is the true of certainty .
Praise with the exalted name of your Lord .
a petitioner asked for an happening punment
for the Kafir , for whom there is no restrained
of Allah , Him with the ascents heavenly .
the angels and the rest ascend to Him at a yaum , the length of which is fifty thousand years .
so be patient !
Certainly , they see them far away ,
and WE see them near ,
the day when the sky is fused like the fused ,
and the mountains will be like wool ,
and no close friend asks a close friend .
and they are shown to them ; the hard missing desires that he may buy himself free of the tormenting on that day with his sons ,
with his companion , with his brother ,
with his extended family , who welcomes him ,
and with all on the earth , all of them , then that this may save him .
no ! it &apos;s a flame of fire ,
extractors of the head skins ,
who calls the one who turned his back and turned away
and accumulated , then retained ( only in itself ) .
Certainly , man was created as a anxious impatient man .
when evil strikes him , he is extremely impatient
and when good strikes him , he is extremely stingy ,
except the praying ,
who always keep to their ritual prayer ,
as well as those in whose assets a fixed law is established
for the petitioner and the excluded ,
and those who consider the Day of Din to be true ,
and those who are fulfilled before the punishment of their Lord ,
surely the punishment of their Lord is not assured ,
as well as those who are their chastity
except before their spouses , or before those who belong to them , for then surely they are not to be rebuked ,
and whoever strives for something , these are the real transgressors ,
and those who take care of what they are entrusted to them and their treaties ,
as well as those who make their testimonies according to their stand ,
and those who perform their ritual prayers in their time ,
these are appreciated in Jannat .
so what about those who have done Kufr , they come to you hurrying
from the right and from the left in groups ? !
does every man of them hope that he will be let in into a Jannah of welfare ?
No !
Certainly , We created them of what they know .
so I swear by the LORD the east and the west , surely We are certainly able to
they exchange them better than they exchange , and We shall not be heard .
then let them entertain and commit mischief , until they meet their day , which is threatened to them .
on the day when they come out hurried from the graves , as if they were sprcking into erected ( signs ) .
their eyes are lowered ( with awe ) , and humiliation overcomes them , this is the day that has always been threatened to them .
Certainly , We sent Nuh to his people : &quot; Warn your people before a excruciating torment comes to them . &quot;
he said , &quot; My people !
Certainly , I am a clear warner for you .
serve Allah , and act Taqwa according to Him and obey me !
He forgives you from your transgressions and grants you postponement until a set time . Certainly , when Allah &apos;s time dawns , it will no longer be advanced , you would only know . &quot;
he said , &quot; My lord !
Certainly I made Da &apos;wa among my people at night and during the day .
but my Da &apos;wa only strengthened them in escape .
and again and again , when I made them Da &apos;wa , so that YOU might forgive them , they put their fingers in their ears , enveloped themselves with their clothes , insisted , and rose up in quite arrogance .
then I made Da &apos;wa public to them ,
then I exposed it to them and also secretly shared it with them .
then I said , &quot; Ask your Lord for forgiveness ; surely He is always Forgiving ,
he makes the heavens to rain on you abundantly over you ,
provide you with wealth and children , let Jannat grow for you and let rivers flow for you .
Why are you not interested in appreciating Allah ,
when He has already created you in phases ?
Do you not perceive how Allah created seven heavens layered on top of each other ?
and He made the moon in them as light , and the sun as a lamp .
and Allah really made you really brought forth from the earth ,
then He will bring you back to them and He will really bring you out .
and Allah made you the earth like the unfolding ,
so that you may build on its wide streets . &quot;
Nuh said , &quot; My Lord !
Certainly , they resisted me and followed the one whose wealth and children increased him only in loss .
and they planned an extremely suspicious cunning ,
and said , &quot; Never leave your gods , neither do you leave Wadd , nor Suwa , nor Yaghuth , Ya &apos;uq , nor Nasr ! &quot;
and already they led many , and YOU only increases the unjust people only in going astray . &quot;
because of their misdeeds they were drowned , then brought into a fire , then they found no offby for themselves instead of Allah .
and Nuh said , &quot; My lord !
leave no one on earth leave no one of the kafir on earth .
Certainly , if YOU lets them , they entice Your servants and testify to nothing but an extremely kufr -@ operator to the transgressions .
my Lord !
Forgive me , my parents , anyone who enters my house as a momin , the Moomin -@ men and the Moomin -@ women , and do not increase the injustice except annihilation . &quot;
Say : &quot; I was given as Wahy that a group of the Jinn listened . &quot;
then they said , &quot; Surely we heard a wonderful Quran .
he leads to reason , and then we internalized the Iman of him , and we will not shirk with anyone to our Lord . &quot;
&quot; And surely the glory of our Lord ; He took neither a companion nor children . &quot;
&quot; And certainly , the limited one of us used to say about Allah only the deviant about Allah . &quot;
&quot; And surely we thought that men and Jinn never say about Allah false . &quot;
&quot; And certainly , some men of the people used to seek shelter from some men from the Jinn , then they increased them in injustice . &quot;
&quot; And surely they thought as you thought that Allah would not awaken anyone . &quot;
&quot; And certainly , we were looking for heaven , then they found it full of strong guards and lightning flames . &quot;
&quot; and certainly , we used to sit on some of his waiting to listen , whoever listens , finds for himself a lurking lightning flame for himself . &quot;
&quot; And surely we do not know whether evil is desired for those on the earth , or whether their Lord would do good for them . &quot;
&quot; and certainly , among us are the God-pleasing good and among us some are below this ( level ) , we belonged to different denominations . &quot;
&quot; And surely we believed that we would not cause Allah on earth , and that we would not make Him trouble by fleeing . &quot;
&quot; And certainly , when we heard the guidance , we internalized Iman in it , and whoever internalizes Iman in his Lord fears neither diminution nor iniustice . &quot;
&quot; And certainly , among us are Muslims and among us are unjust , and whoever practiced Islam sought the reasonable .
and as to the unjust , they are firewood for Jahannam . &quot;
and if they had kept the way ( ALLAHs ) , We would have watered them with plenty of water ,
so that We may subject them to the Fitna .
and whoever turns away from the remembrance of his Lord , He will enter into an ascending punishment .
&quot; And surely , all the mosques are for Allah , so make no supplications to anyone beside Allah ! &quot;
&quot; And certainly , when Allah &apos;s servant arose to make supplications to Him , they would almost be oppressed . &quot;
Say , &quot; I only address supplications only to my Lord , and I will not shield Him with no one Shirk ! &quot;
Say : Certainly , I do not deceive for you neither haraging things for you , nor good for you ,
- Say : &quot; I will not be protected from Allah , and I will not find a refuge except with Him ! &quot; -
except about proclaiming Allah and His messages , and whoever opposes Allah and His Messenger , so surely Jahannam is destined for him , in it they remain forever , forever .
then when they saw what they were threatened with , they will still know who has a weaker siby and is less in number .
Say : &quot; I do not know whether it is near what is threatened to you , or whether my Lord gives time for it .
He is the omniscient about the hidden , so He does not show His hidden to anyone
besides the one to whom He is pleased as a messenger , so surely He makes to be watching before him and behind him ,
that he ( the messenger might know that they had already delivered the message of their Lord ; and that He embraced what they have , and counted all things in detail .
Muz -@ zamil !
perform Qiyam all night except a little ,
half of it , or reduce half of it a little ,
or add something to her , and recite the Quran in Tartil -@ form !
Certainly , We will send you a weighty word .
Certainly , getting up at night is heavier than obligation and better for the ( recited ) word .
Certainly , during the day you go in many occupations .
and remember the name of thy Lord , and give yourself to Him in the ram .
He is the Lord of the East and the West , there is no deity but Him ; so take Him as Wakil .
and train yourself with patience to what they say , and depart you from them at a beautiful distance .
and leave Me with the rich deniers and give them a little time .
surely , with Us there are heavy shackles and hell ,
and suffocating food and excruciating pmenting ,
on the day when the earth and the mountains tremble , and the mountains become scattered dunes .
Certainly We sent to you a messenger testifying against you , as We sent a messenger to Pharaoh .
then Pharaoh opposed the messenger , then We beuted him with a heavy concern .
for how do you protect yourself , when you have done Kufr , do you protect yourselves from a day ago , which brings gray hair to the children ?
the sky splits .
his threat will certainly be fulfilled .
Surely this is a exhortation ; whoever will take a way to his Lord .
Surely your Lord knows that you do Qiyam less than two thirds of the night , half of it , and a third of it , as well as a group of those with you .
and Allah determines the night and the day ; he knew that you cannot grasp it in detail , so He forgave .
so recite that from the Quran what you are capable of .
he knew that there will be sick among you , as well as others who go about in the land , they strive for some of Allah &apos;s favor , as well as others who fight fi -@ sabilillah , reciting of what you are capable of , and orly make the ritual prayer , pay the Zakat , and grant for ALLAHs ( Din ) a Hasan -@ loan for ALLAH ( Din ) .
and what good you present to yourselves in good , you find with Allah better and more tremendous reward , and ask Allah for forgiveness !
Mud -@ dath -@ thir !
get up , then warn ,
and glorify your Lord with Takbir ,
and then clean your clothes ritually ,
and then avoid the idols !
and make no provision to receive increase .
and then be patient for your Lord .
so when you is pushed into the Naquur ,
so this is a difficult day this day
for the Kafir , not easy .
leave Me with the One I created as an individual ,
and to whom I granted great fortune
as well as children present ,
and paved the way to glory ) .
then he hopes that I will give him even more .
No !
Certainly he was defiant to Our Ayat .
I will weaint him with severe hurdle .
Certainly , he thought and appreciated .
so death is to him , as he assessed .
then death be to him , as he assessed .
then he looked ,
then he frowned and his face became dark ,
then he turned his back and rose in arrogance ,
then he said , &quot; This is nothing more than traditional magic .
this is only a human word . &quot;
I will throw him in into saqar .
and what do you know what Saqar is ? !
she leaves nothing left and leaves nothing out .
it burns the surface of the skin .
above it are nineteen .
no ! at the moon !
at night , when it passes !
in the morning , when it shines !
she ( Saqar ) is one of the greatest ( disasters ) ,
as a warning for people ,
for those of you who want to go forward or go back .
every soul is dependent on what it acquired
except the companions of the right .
they are in Jannat and ask each other
after the seriously missing :
&quot; What brought you into Saqar ? &quot;
they said , &quot; We did not have to be of those of ritual prayer ,
and we did not feed the needy ,
and we used to chatter senseless with those of the senseless chatting ,
and we used to deny the Day of Din ,
until the certainty came to us . &quot;
so the intercession of the intercessors .
what about them , turning away from the adhortation ,
as if they were frightened donkeys ,
who fled from a lion ? !
no , but every man of them wants him to be given unfolded scriptures to be given to him .
Certainly , no !
but they do not fear the Hereafter .
No ! surely , he is an admonition .
who wants , remembers .
and they do not remember except if Allah wills . he is worthy of the Taqwa and worthy of forgiveness .
no , I swear by the Day of Resurrection ,
no , I also swear by the rebuling soul .
does man think that WE will not put his bones together ? !
Yet , for certainty ! We are able to put his fingertips in order .
no , but man wants to commit transgressions before Him .
he asks , &quot; When is the Day of Resurrection ? &quot;
so when the eyes shine ,
the moon is eclipsed
and the sun and the moon will be joined together ,
says man on this day : &quot; Where is the escape route ? &quot;
No !
there is no refuge .
with your Lord is the whereabouts on this day .
Man is told on that day what he was presenting and what he postponed .
no , but man has insight into himself ,
even if he makes his excuses .
do not move your tongue , so that you may have it faster .
we are responsible for his collection and his recitation .
if WE had him recited , then follow his recitation !
then we are responsible for his explanation .
certainly , no ! but you love the present ,
and neglects the afterlife .
there are radiant faces on this day ,
who look up to their Lord .
and there are darkened faces that day .
they believe that destruction is done to them .
certainly , no ! when it ( the soul ) reaches the collarbones ,
and it is said , &quot; Who is healer ? &quot;
and he believed that it was the separation ,
and the leg is beaten over the ( other ) leg ,
to your Lord this day is the bringing on this day .
so neither did he consider it true , nor did he perform the ritual prayer ,
but he denied off , and turned his back ,
then he went to his family in arrogance .
it ( the evil ) came closer to you , it came closer ,
Yes ! it came closer to you , it came closer , ( so beware ! ) .
does man think that he remains as something neglected ? !
he was not a Nutfa of seed that is poured out ,
then he was an &apos; Alaqa , then He gave ( him ) the creation , then He ( he ) did well ,
then He made of it the duality , the male and the female ? !
Is this not able to enlivven the dead ? !
overcame to people for a while from the time when he was nothing mentioned ? !
Certainly , We created the man from mixed Nutfa to test him , then WE made him hear , seeing .
Certainly , WE guided him to the way , either thankfully or extremely kufr -@ driving .
Certainly , We prepared chains , shackles and glow heat for the Kafir .
surely , the good drink of the wine that is mixed with camphor ,
from a spring from which ALLAHs servants drink , they make them gble vigorously .
they fulfill the vow , and fear a day whose wickedness is spread out .
and they feed the food despite love for her for the poor , the orphans , and those who are held :
&quot; We feed you only for the sake of ALLAh . We want neither reward nor thanksgiving from you ,
Certainly we fear of our Lord a dark , unwholesome day . &quot;
then Allah protected them from the wickedness of that day and gave them rays and joy ,
and rewarding them that they practiced in patience Jannah and silk ,
based on it on loungers . They see neither sun nor moon in it .
and close to them are their shadows and their fruits have been made very readily available .
and they are served with bowls of silver and chalices that are glasses ,
Glass made of silver that they really appreciated .
and they shall be given to drink in it to drink wine mixed with ginger ,
from a source in it called Sal -@ sabil .
and serve them eternal servants , when you see them , you think they are scattered pearls .
and when you see there , you see welfare and great wealth .
she covered clothing of green Sundundo and Istabraq ; and they were decorated with silver bracelets , and their master gave them pure drink to drink .
Certainly , this is a reward for you , and your aspiration has been richly rewarded .
Certainly , We sent you the Quran in successive sending .
then be patient of the judgment of your Lord , and do not listen to those who are wrong , or greatly Kufr -@ doers of them .
and remember the name of your lord in the morning and before the sun .
and from the night , perform Sujudy for Him and praise Him for a long time at night !
Certainly , they love the present and behind they leave unnoticed a difficult day .
We created them and strengthened their joints , and if WE wanted , WE would have exchanged them with their peers .
Surely this is a exhortation ; so whoever will take a way to his Lord .
and you will not save that Allah wases ; surely Allah is always omniscient , all-wise .
He causes whoever He pleases to enter into His mercy , and for the injustice He prepared painizing punishment .
with those sent one after the other ,
then the one storming in the storming !
with those spreading in the spreading ,
then the distinctive ,
then the admonishing ,
be it an excuse or a warning !
Certainly , that which is threatened to you will happen .
so when the stars are blurred ,
and when the sky is provided with an opening ,
and when the mountains are smashed ,
and if an appointment is set for the envoy ,
to the day on which her postponement was granted ,
to the day of judging ,
and what do you know what the day of judging is ? !
Decline is intended for the denial on this day !
We did not destroy the former ,
then let them follow by the last ? !
in such a way WE do with those who are hardly miss .
Decline is intended for the denial on this day !
WE did not create you out of a low-appreciated liquid ? !
then We made them in a fixed whereabouts ,
up to a known deadline ,
so We were able to . How beautiful is the wealthy !
Decline is intended for the denial on this day !
WE did not make the earth a meeting place
of the living and the dead ? !
and We made on her high fortifying ( mountains ) , and We gave you sweet water to drink .
Decline is intended for the denial on this day !
go to what you used to deny .
goes to a shadow with three pillars ,
which is neither shady , nor protects from the flames .
she throws with sparks like a tower ,
as if they were yellow camels .
Decline is intended for the denial on this day !
this is the day when they do not speak ,
and they are not allowed to apologize .
Decline is intended for the denial on this day !
this is the day of judging .
We gathered you and the former .
So if you have cunning , plan cunning against Me !
Decline is intended for the denial on this day !
Certainly , the Muttaqi are now in shadows and sources
as well as with fruit from what they desire .
eat and drink well for what you used to do .
Certainly , We reward the Muhsin .
Decline is intended for the denial on this day !
Eat and have fun a little , you are hard to miss .
Decline is intended for the denial on this day !
and when it is said to them , Do Ruku , they will not perform a Ruku .
Decline is intended for the denial on this day !
to what word after him ( the Quran ) will they internalize the Iman ?
What do they ask each other ? !
after the tremendous communication ,
about which they disagree ? !
Certainly , no ! they will still know .
then certainly , no ! they will still know .
We did not make the earth as a base ,
and the mountains as pegs ? !
and WE created you as dualities .
also We made your sleep a resting .
and WE made the night enveloping .
also We made the day as a time of life .
and We set up over you seven robust ( heavens ) over you .
also We made a bright lamp .
and WE dropped plenty of running water from rain clouds ,
so that We may sprout with him cereals and plants sprout out with him
as well as densely vegetgrown jannat .
Certainly , the day of judging is a fixed time ,
on the day when in As -@ sur is blown , and then you come into groups ,
and the heavens shall be opened , and it shall be full of gates ,
and the mountains shall pass away , and then they become Fata Morgana .
Certainly , Jahannam is a waiting ,
a place of return for the transgressors .
they linger in it periods of time .
they cost neither cool nor drink in it
except boiling and pus .
it is a corresponding retaliation .
Certainly they did not hope for any reckoning ,
and denied Our Ayat with denial .
and WE recorded everything in detail in a register .
We will only multiply you in punishment .
Certainly , for the Muttaqi there is a place of profit :
Gardens and vines
as well as well stocked of the same age
and stuffed cups .
they hear neither senseless talk nor lies in it .
it is a reward from your Lord , a sufficient gift ,
To the LORD the heavens , the earth , and that which is between them , ( He is ) the Merath , they have no to speak to Him .
on the day when the glory and the angels are in turn , they do not speak except the one to whom the Mergrace , and say the right things .
This is the true day ; so whoever pleases takes a return to his Lord .
Certainly , We warned you of a near punment on that day when man looks what he presented by hand , and the Kafir says , &quot; If I had only been earth ! &quot;
with the most thorough pulling out !
with those who take out with careful removal !
with the floating floating ,
then the leader leading in the race ,
then those who rules the matter !
on the day when the tremake trembles ,
then you follow the addicts ,
the hearts on this day are full of fear ,
their eyes are reduced with awe ,
they say : &quot; we are safely returned to the previous state ,
even after we became modern bones ? &quot;
they said , &quot; This is certainly a loss-making reversal . &quot;
it &apos;s only one cry ,
immediately they are on the flat plane .
was you receive the message about Musa ? !
when his master called him in the purified Tuva -yi valley :
go to Pharaoh , for surely he crossed the border ,
Say , &quot; Would you want you to purify ,
and that I may guide you to your Lord , and you will be awesome ? &quot;
then he showed him the great Aya .
so he denied and opposed ,
then he turned his back and left ,
so he gathered ( the people ) and called ,
then he said , &quot; I am your high Lord . &quot;
then Allah prosecuted him with the harsh punishment for the last and first .
Certainly , there is a teaching for everyone who is awesome .
are you more difficult in creation or heaven ? !
he set him up ,
he increased his thickness , then He paved it ,
and He darkened his night , and He brought forth his dawn .
and the earth after that He stretched .
he brought out of her water and her pasture .
and He had the mountains were strengthened the mountains
as a consumer material for you and for your An &apos;am .
when the great catastrophe comes ,
on this day man remembers what he was striving for ,
and hell was brought forth for him who sees .
so with regard to the one who crossed the border
and preferred earthly life ,
so surely hell is the loter .
and concerning him who fears the conception before his Lord , and contained the soul of affection ,
so is certainly the Janna is the lodging .
they ask you about the hour , &quot; When is their dawn ? &quot;
and what do you have to do with their mention ? !
with your Lord is the last about them .
you are only a warner to the one who has aence of her .
as if , when they see , they did not dwell except a night and their dawn .
he frowned and turned his back ,
when the blind man came to him .
and what do you know , maybe he will be purified ,
or remember , if then the memory benefits him .
with regard to the one who renounces ,
you come to meet ,
and it is not to you if he does not purify himself .
and concerning the one who comes to you , who strives ,
while he proves to be awesome ,
you neglect .
Certainly , no !
Certainly , it is a admonition -
so whoever wants , remembers -
on appreciated leaves ,
which are lifted and cleaned ,
with the hands of ambassadors ,
who are worthy , kindly -@ obedience .
Death be to man , how kufr -@ operating he is .
from what did He create him ? !
from Nutfa He created him , then He appointed him ,
then He facilitved his way ,
then He let him die , and He had him buried ,
then if He wills , He will awaken him .
Certainly , no ! he did not do what He commanded him .
then man shall look at his food .
Certainly , We let the water pour in the casting ,
then We tore the earth into cracks ,
then We grew on their cereals
as well as vines and vegetables ,
and olive trees and date palms
and densely vegetated gardens
and fruit and food
as a consumer material for you and your an &apos;am .
and when the deafening cry comes ,
the day the man flees from his brother
and ( before ) his mother and father
and his companion and his children ,
for each man of them that day there is a matter that occupies him .
there are bright faces on this day ,
smiling full of confidence .
and there are faces that day on which there is dust .
something black covers them .
these are the Kufr operators who publicly committed the misconduct .
when the sun is wound ,
and when the stars disintegrate ,
and when the mountains are passed ,
and when the highly pregnant female camels are neglected ,
and when the wild animals are gathered ,
and when the seas are lit / flooded ,
and when the souls are paired ( with their bodies ) are paired ,
and when the girl buried alive is asked ,
for what offense it was killed ,
and when the leaves are unfolded ,
and when the sky is removed away ,
and when hell is kindled ,
and when the Janna is brought near ,
then every soul already knows what it did .
no , I swear by the stars ,
that are continuous , setting ,
and at night , when she draws up the darkness ,
and in the morning , when he is closed ,
Surely he is the word of a noble Messenger ,
who has power and prestige with that of Al &apos;ahrsch ,
Obedience to him and he is trustworthy .
and your companion is not disturbed by the spirit .
and certainly already he saw him on the clear horizon .
and he is not abstain with the Hidden ( Wahy ) .
and he is not the word of a damned Satan !
where are you going ? !
he is certainly only a exhortation for creation ,
for those of you who want to behave straightforward .
and you will not want Allah , the Lord of all creation .
when the sky splits ,
and when the stars are scattered ,
and when the seas are blown up ,
and when the graves are dug ,
then every soul already knows what it was presenting and postponed .
you , man !
what deceived you in your most generous Lord ,
who created you , then made you ready , then raised you up ,
in every form He wanted , put you together ? !
Certainly , no !
but you deny the din ,
and surely above you are those who keep ,
who are venerably registering ,
they know what you are doing .
Certainly , the benevolent -@ obedious are in the welfare .
and surely those who go publicly the transgression are in hell .
they are thrown into them on the day of Din ,
and they will never be absent from her .
and what do you know what the Day of Din is ? !
then , what do you know what the Day of Din is ? !
on the day when no soul can do anything for a soul , and the matter is subject to Allah .
decline is those who are deceient at measuring ,
those , if they allow themselves to be measured by people , take out beyond the measure ,
and when they measure or weigh them , diminish .
they don &apos;t think they will be awakened
to a tremendous day ,
when men rise up for the LORD of all creation ?
Certainly , no !
Certainly , the register of those who publicly committed the offense is in Sidsch -yojin !
and what do you know what Sidsch -@ jin is ? !
it is a sealed / marked register .
Decline is intended for the deniers on this day ,
those who deny the Day of Din .
and it is only denied by every missing cross-border denies him .
when Our Ayats were told to him , he said , &quot; These are the legends of the former . &quot;
Certainly , no , but it overcame their hearts what they used to acquire .
Surely , no , surely , they are shielded from their Lord that day .
then surely , they will be thrown into Jahannam .
then they are told , &quot; This is what you used to deny . &quot;
Certainly , no ! Certainly , the register of the benevolent -@ obedience is in &apos; Illiyin ,
and what do you know what &apos; Illiyin is ,
it is a sealed / marked register ,
which the loved ones testify .
Certainly , the bencient -@ obedience are in the welfare .
they are lying down , they look .
you recognize in their faces the rays of well-being .
they are given to drink of a pure aromatic drink ,
whose aroma is of musk . and in it the competitors should compete ,
and its mixture is of Tasniem ,
a spring from which the loved ones drink .
Certainly , those who committed severe transdeeds used to make fun of those who internalized Iman .
and as they walked by them , they winked at each other ( eloquently ) at each other .
and when they returned to their families , they returned joyfully .
and when they saw them , they said , &quot; Surely these are strays .
and no cuekpers were sent over them . &quot;
So on this day those who internalized the Iman make fun of the Kafir .
they are lying down , they watch :
&quot; Was the kafir rewarded what they used to do ? &quot;
when the sky tears ,
and all the ear of his master , and it is incumbent to him ,
and when the earth is expanded ,
and throws out what is in it and renounces it ,
and it shall be all the ear of their Lord , and it is incumbent to her ,
Man !
Surely you are a strenuous one to your Lord with effort which you will meet .
therefore , with regard to the one to whom his register is given with his right hand ,
so he is subjected to a slight billing ,
and will return to his family happily .
and as to the one to whom his register is given from behind his back ,
and he will call for destruction ,
and thrown into glow heat .
Certainly he was happy in his family .
Certainly he thought he would not return .
Yet , for certainty , surely his master was always seeing over him .
no , I swear by the evening flush
and by night and what brings them together ,
and at the moon , when it is full ,
you will ascend from one state to another .
why do they not internalize the Iman ? !
and when the Quran is recited to them , they do not perform a Sudschud .
no , but those who have operated Kufr deny ,
and Allah knows better about what they are aware of .
so bring to them the &quot; glad tidings &quot; of a excruciating punishment ,
except those who internalized the Iman and pleasing to God , for whom a never-ending reward is intended .
in the sky of constellations ,
and at the threatened day ,
and with the witness and testified ,
Death is the companions of the ditch .
the fire in it is with fuel ,
as they were sitting around it ,
and they are witnesses about what they do with the Moomin .
and they disapproved of them , that they might internalized Iman in Allah , the Almighty , the All-Praiseworthy ,
to whom the dominion of the heavens and the earth .
and Allah is a witness above all .
Certainly , for those who expose the Moomin -@ men and Moomin--@ women of Fitna , then do not repent , the punishment of Jahannam and the punishment of burning is determined .
Certainly , for those who have internalized the Iman and did good pleasing to God , Jannat , who have been crossed by rivers are destined ; this is the great success .
Surely the violence of the violence of your Lord is fierce .
Certainly , He is the one who makes begin and return .
and He is the Forgiving , The Extremely Loving ,
who of the splendid Al &apos;ahrsch ,
the All-effer of what He wills .
you received the message about the soldiers ,
about Pharaoh and Thamud ? !
no , but those who have operated Kufr are in denial .
and Allah is all-encompassing before them .
no , but he is a glorious Quran ,
on a well-kept board .
at the sky and the At -@ tariq ,
and what do you know what At -@ tariq is ? !
it is the bright / high star .
there is undoubtedly a preserver about every soul .
then man shall see from what he was created .
it was created from poured liquid ,
which comes out between the spine and ribs .
surely , He is capable of bringing him back ,
on the day when the innermost is checked ,
then there is neither strength nor assiby for him .
in heaven with return ,
and at the earth with tearing !
Surely he is a judging word ,
and he is not unseriousness .
Certainly they are planning cunning
and I counter their cunning ,
so grant the kafir postponement , grant them a short postponement !
boast the name of your supreme Lord ,
of the One Who created and then correced ,
and the One Who appointed , then guided ,
and the One Who made the grid brought forth ,
and He then made it a green-black dry up .
We will have you recited , so do not forget
besides what Allah wills , surely He knows the manifest and what is hidden .
and WE easily lead you to the easier .
so exhort when the adhortation is useful .
it will be admonished to the one who has reverwe will be admonished ,
and she avoids the most wretched .
the one who is thrown into the greatest fire ,
then therein does not die , nor lives .
already successful is the one who purified is already successful
and remembered the name of his Lord , and performed the ritual prayer .
no , but you prefer earthly life .
but the afterlife is better and more lasting .
Certainly , this is in the first leaves of the Scriptures ,
the lettering of Ibrahim and Musa .
was you received the message about the enveloping ? !
there are faces humble on this day ,
working , exhausted ,
they are thrown into a very hot fire ,
they are impregnated from a boiling spring .
for them there is no food except of dried thorn plant ,
that neither nourishes nor quenches hunger .
there are faces comfortable on this day ,
satisfied with their aspving ,
in a high Janna .
you hear no senseless talk in it .
in it there is a flowing source .
in it are upscale loungers
and provided chalices
and lined up cushions
and distributed carpets .
don &apos;t look at the camels as they were created ,
and to heaven , as it was lifted up ,
and to the mountains as they were put ,
and to the earth as it was spread out ? !
so adhort , for you are only a adhorter ,
you are not a dispover about them .
except the one who turned his back and operated Kufr ,
Allah will then torment with the greatest punment .
surely , to Us is their return ,
then surely , we are responsible for their reckoning .
at dawn ,
and for ten nights ,
and by the straight line and the verstraight ,
and at night , when it passes !
is there an oath for you with a mind ? !
You did not see how your LORD did with &apos; Aad ,
those of Iram with the High ,
was not created in the countries ,
and with Thamud , those who chiseled out the rock in the valley ,
and with Pharaoh , the one of the pyramids ,
those who crossed the border in the cities ,
then increased in it increased ruin ,
then upon them your lord poured out a mixture of punishment upon them ?
Surely your Lord is vigilant .
So with regard to man , when He tests him and gives him dignity and good , he says , &quot; My Lord has shown me dignity . &quot;
and concerning this , if He tests him , and makes him his rizq does him little , he says , &quot; My Lord has humbled me . &quot;
certainly , no , but you show no dignity to the orphan ,
and you do not spur the food of the needy ,
and you consume the inheritance in complete consumption ,
and you love the fortune in exceedingly great love .
Certainly , no !
when the earth is crushed in crushing after crushing ,
and ( the instruction ) of your Lord , and the angels came in rows ,
and on that day Jahannam is brought up , on that day man remembers , and how can the memory benefit him ? !
he says : &quot; I would have presented something for my life ! &quot;
so on this day no one torments like His tormenting no one torments ,
and no one captivates anyone like His shackles .
you , the soul that is already finding rest !
return to your Lord contentedly and satisfactorily ,
so enter among My servants ,
and enter My Janna !
No , I swear by this city -
and you live in this city -
and with the crenesses and what he has begotten .
Certainly , We have already created man to strive .
does he think that no one overwhelms him ? !
he says , &quot; I consumed accumulated assets . &quot;
does he think that no one saw him ? !
We didn &apos;t make him two eyes
as well as tongues and two lips ,
and did We guide him in both ways ? !
so he did not ascend Al- &apos; aqaba .
and what do you know what Al- &apos; aqaba is ? !
it is the liberation of a unfree ,
or feeding in a day of great famine
of an orphan from kinship
or a needy person of great distress .
then he was of those who internalized the Iman and exhorted each other to be patient and exhorted each other to be mercy .
these are the companions of the right .
and those who have done our Ayat opposite Kufr are the companions of the evil Oen ,
above them is closed fire .
by the sun and its rays ,
and at the moon , if it follows it ,
and the day when he made them visible ,
and by night , when she envelops her ,
and by heaven and with Him who established him up ,
and by the earth and to Him who spread them out ,
and with the soul and Him who rebued them ,
then both Taqwa -@ Losigkeit and Taqwa ,
already successful is the one who keeps them pure ,
and already the one who hides her ( with Taqwa -@ Losigkeit ) .
Thamud denied because of her crossing of the border ,
when their most wretched ones began ,
then Allah &apos;s messenger told them : &quot; Let the female camel of Allah and ( avoids ) her potions . &quot;
then they accused him of falsehood , then they hurt him ( the female camel ) of his legs , and then their Lord destroyed them because of their transgression , and He made it even to them .
and He has no fear of their consequence .
at night , when it envelops ,
and by the day he reveals himself ,
and with Him Who created the male and the female !
Certainly , your striving is different .
so as to the one who donated and acted according to Taqwa
and considered the beauty ( Janna ) thought true ,
WE will make it easy for this to facilitate it .
and concerning the one who stingy and renounced ( the Din )
and denied the beautiful ,
WE will make it easy to make a difficult .
and his fortune shall not profit him if he is founded .
Certainly , we are responsible for the guidance .
and surely , both the last and the first belong to Us .
so I warned you of a fire that blazes ,
into which no one but the most wretate is thrown ,
the one who denied and turned his back .
and the Muttaqi is kept away from him ,
who donates his fortune and keeps himself in .
and no one has with him a blessing to be repaid ,
So ( he did ) only in the pursuit of his supreme Lord .
and surely he will be satisfied .
in the morning
and at night , when she rests !
neither your LORD forsaken you , nor is He averse to thee .
and surely , the last thing is better for you than the first .
and surely your Lord will give you ( so much ) , so that you may be satisfied .
If He did not find you as an orphan , then He granted you security ? !
and He found you erring , so He guided you right .
and He found you poor , then He made you rich .
so with regard to the orphan , do not suppress !
and as to the petitioner , do not insult !
and concerning the benefit of your Lord , speak about it .
We have not widened your breast ,
and your burden taken from you ,
that pressed your back down ,
and your reputation increases ? !
so surely , there is a relief with the complication .
Certainly , there is a relief with the complication .
So if you are relieved , make effort ,
and to your Lord , so give yourself sincerely .
at figs and olives ,
at the Tur -@ mountain of Sinin ,
at this safe city !
Certainly , We have already created man in the best upright ,
then We returned him to the bottom of the lower ,
except those who have internalized Iman and done good pleasing to God , a never-ending reward is ordained for them .
So what makes you deny the din ? !
is Allah not the best judgement of the judgments ? !
recite in the name of your Lord who created .
he created the man from &apos; Alaq .
recite , and your Lord is the Most Venerable ,
who taught ( writing ) with the writing instrument ,
he taught men what he did not know .
Certainly , no ! surely , man transcends the border ,
when he sees himself rich .
surely the return is to your Lord .
how do you see the one who forbids it
a servant when he performs the ritual prayer ? !
how do you see it ? should he be guided ,
or command Taqwa ? !
how do you see it ? should he deny and turn his back ? !
did he not know that Allah sees ? !
Certainly , no !
if he does not cease , We will drag the forehead hair ,
Forehead hairs that are lying and missing .
then he shall call for his union .
We will call the strict angels .
Certainly , no , do not listen to him , do Sudschud , and draw near .
Certainly , We sent him down in the night from Al -@ qadr .
and what do you know what Al -@ qadr -@ night is ? !
the Al -@ qadr -@ night is better than a thousand months .
The angels and the rest are gradually sent down in it with the consent of their Lord because of every matter .
It is salam until the dawn of dawn .
those of the scribes who have operated Kufr , and the mashry will not let go until the clarity comes ,
an envoy of Allah , who recites purified writings ,
in which there are valuable chapters .
and those to whom the Scripture was given did not disagree after the clarity had come to them .
and they were not commanded except that they should serve Allah , sincerely in Din Him as Hanif , to perform the ritual prayer properly , and to pay the zakat ; and this is the Din of straightforwardness .
Certainly , those of the scribes who have operated Kufr , and the mashs are in the fire of Jahannam , they are in it forever .
these are the worst of the creatures .
Certainly , those who have internalized Iman and did good pleasing to God are the best of creatures .
Their reward with their Lord is &apos; Adn -@ jannath , which are crossed by rivers , in which they are therein forever , for ever . Allah delight in them , and they are pleased with Him ; this is for him who reverweeth his Lord .
when the earth is shaken with its tremake ,
and the earth produces its burdens ,
and man says , &quot; What is wrong with her ? , &quot;
on that day she shares her messages ,
that your LORD gave her Wahy .
on this day men come forth scattered , that their deeds may be shown to them .
So whoever does good the weight of a little dust will see it .
and whoever does the weight of a dust of evil will see it .
with the snorting racers ,
then the spark -@ Schlagenden ,
then those who storm in the morning ,
then they whirled up dust ,
then they entered into the middle of the assembly !
surely , man is ungrateful to his Lord .
and surely he is a witness of it .
and surely he is exuberant to the love of good .
he does not know when what is revealed by the graves
and which is produced in the breasts ,
that surely your LORD be known about them this day ?
it is Al -@ qari &apos;a .
What is Al -@ qari &apos;a ? !
and what do you know what Al -@ qari &apos;a is ? !
the day when people are like scattered moths ,
and the mountains are like plucked wool .
therefore , with regard to the one whose weighed is difficult ,
so he has a pleasant life .
and as to the one whose weighed is easy ,
so is his mother Hawiya .
and what do you know what this is ? !
it is a glowing fire .
has distracted you ( addiction ) for multiplicferation ,
until you have visited the tombs .
Certainly , no ! you will still know .
then certainly , no ! you will still know .
Certainly , no , if you would dispose of the knowledge of certainty ,
you would surely know hell .
then you will see them as the certainty in itself .
then you will undoubtedly be held accountable for welfare .
at Al- &apos; asr !
Certainly , man is in loss
except those who have internalized the Iman , done good pleasing to God , admonished each other to the truth and exhorted each other to be patient .
Decline is to every extremely insulted by evil defamation , extremely offensive by facial expressions ,
of the wealth and counted again and again .
he thought that his wealth had immortalized him .
Certainly , no !
he is thrown into Al -@ hutama .
and what do you know what Al -@ hutama is ? !
it is the kindled fire of Allah ,
that beats over the hearts .
Certainly , it is completed over them ,
on outstretched columns ( bound ) .
Did you not see what your Lord did to the companions of the elephant ?
He has not let their cunning fail ,
and sent over them birds in swarms ,
that they threw them with clay -@ stones ,
then they made like eaten foliage ? !
because of the connection of Quraish ,
their connection of the journey from winter and summer ,
then they shall serve this house to the LORD ,
who fed them after starvation , and gave security after fear .
do you know the one who denies the In ? !
so this is the one who pushes away the orphan
and not to feed the needy .
therefore decline is that of ritual prayer ,
those who are careless of their ritual prayer ,
those who operate Riyaa
and refuse the utensils .
Certainly , We gave you Al -@ kauthar ,
so establish the ritual prayer for your Lord , and kill .
Certainly , your slanderer is the one without a pegenitor .
say : &quot; You Kafir !
I do not serve what you serve ,
and you are not servants of Him Whom I serve .
and I am not a servant of Him which you have served ,
and you are not servants of Him Whom I serve .
you is your Din and I is my Din . &quot;
when ALLAH &apos;s assistance and victory comes
and you see the people in Din of Allah entering in droves ,
Praise with the praise of your Lord , and beseech Him for forgiveness ; surely He is always most repthworthy .
Destruction be Abu -@ lahab , annihilation be to him !
his fortune was no profit him , nor what he acquired .
he is thrown into a fire with flames
and his wife , the bearer of the wood ,
around her neck is a rope of palm frame .
Say : &quot; He is Allah , unique .
Allah is As -@ samad .
He never begat He and He was never begotten ,
and never is anyone equal to Him . &quot;
say : &quot; I seek refuge from the LORD of dawn
before the evil of what He created ,
and before the evil of a darkened , when it dawns ,
and before the evil of the blowing on the knots ,
and from the evil of an envious when he envies . &quot;
Say : &quot; I seek refuge from the LORD of men ,
with the ruler over men ,
with The Deity of Men
from the evil of the hiding one-whisperer -
who whispers in people &apos;s breasts -
from the Jinn and the people . &quot;
